eleven year old with all , transplant on jan 2 , now with three day of Cough . 1 . no pneumonia . likely chronic change at the lung base . 2 . mild anterior wedge of the body . 
six year old with of Cough for one week . the Lung are clear . question prominent node , left great than right , which could be reactive in nature . 
four month old with of Cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax . 
sixteen and a half year old Male with of Wrestling Wounds_and_Injuries left Neck and Shoulder . some fluid was demonstrate on the prior day 's Magnetic_Resonance_Imaging . the Patients ha have Cough . please evaluate . normal x-ray . please see above finding . 
Cough , Tachypnea . 1 . right middle lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis v Pneumonia . 2 . interval resolution of right lower lobe opacity . 
Cough . no pneumonia . finding with viral or disease . 
Cough . mild perihilar bronchial wall thickening may represent either infection or disease . 
none given . normal Thorax in a Patients who apparently ha multiple Hypersensitivity and recurrent Cough . 
Cough . the Lung have clear considerably compare to january 3rd and are now consider within normal limit a is the cardiac shadow . 
Cough . patchy Disease is see in the lingula which could represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis or early infiltrate . 
cough for last few week and nose . normal Thorax . 
5 year old Female with 3 week of coughing . the Patients is post a 10 day course of antibiotic . lung base band - like opacity which most likely represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the context of viral airway Disease . 
Cough . peribronchial thickening which can be see with disease . no pneumonia . 
year - old Female with Cough . normal Thorax . 
two - year Female with Cough off and on for a month -lrb- Research_Report state rsv wash -rrb- . no radiographic feature of Pneumonia . 
6 year old Female with Cough of 4 day duration . normal Thorax radiograph . 
eight - year Male with Cough . normal Thorax . 
2-1/2 - year - old Female with Cough . clear Lung . of pneumonia . 
month - old Male with Cough , no Pneumonia . mild peribronchial thickening which may be relate to disease or acute illness with no Pneumonia or hyperinflation . 
22 month old with Cough . normal . 
cough , worse night . normal Thorax . 
Cough . increase pulmonary marking probably represent disease . of consolidation . 
six - year Male with Cough and concern for Pneumonia . left lower lobe opacity most likely subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis . otherwise no abnormality . 
Cough for 5-6 week . normal Thorax radiograph . no Pneumonia . 
year - old with Cough . minimal streaky opacity in the left upper lobe which likely represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis although early infiltrate is not exclude . 
month - old Female who ha a Cough for two day . this may have start when the Patients ha of gag , Airway_Obstruction , and Vomiting . the study is being perform to evaluate for aspiration . finding most likely represent disease or infection no Pneumonia . of an aspirate body . 
Cough . there is mild peribronchial cuff with minor increase in perihilar marking . no focal parenchymal abnormality . there is borderline hyperinflation . the picture most likely reflect mild viral or disease no pneumonia . 
4-1/2 - year - old with Cough . the Adenoids and Palatine_Tonsil are quite prominent . however , the airway remains patent . the Epiglottis and subglottic Trachea are normal . there is of abscess or subglottic narrowing . 
Cough , no Pneumonia . no acute disease . 
year - old with cough . mild perihilar prominence . 
this is a year - old Male with cough . no Fever . normal x-ray . 
month - old Male with Cough . evaluate for Pneumonia . possible pneumonia at posteromedial lung base . 
Cough and congestion for a week . Heart normal and Lung clear . 
year month - old Male with Cough of 10 day duration and Fever . out Pneumonia . scatter Lung density likely to represent either scatter Pulmonary_Atelectasis or acute illness with no definite pneumonia identify . 
month - old Male with Cough , no Pneumonia . interval decrease in the scatter Lung change with no superimpose pneumonia identify . 
year - old Female with Cough . normal Thorax radiograph . 
a month - old with Cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax . 
year month - old Female with Cough . out infiltrate . no Pneumonia . 
Cough , no Pneumonia . normal Thorax . 
Cough , labor Respiration . breathing since Parturition . increase marking , hyperinflation , and streaky Disease right middle lobe , likely Pulmonary_Atelectasis . however , there is a patch of round density above the right Diaphragm . it is unsure whether this represent superimpose Pneumonia or Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
this is an almost year - old Female with Cough . normal x-ray . no significant change since 2001 . 
seventeen month old with Cough . the Lung are well expand , but not hyperinflated . there is mild perihilar , peribronchial thickening , suggest illness or disease . there is no focal infiltrate to suggest pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see . 
Cough and congestion for six day . suspect right middle lobe airspace Disease , either Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia . 
Cough . mild opacification right lower lobe , either Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia . 
Cough . normal Thorax . 
year month - old Female with Cough , no Pneumonia . normal Thorax radiograph with no Pneumonia identify . 
month - old with Cough . no focal infiltrate . 
Cough . prior of Walking Pneumonia . normal . 
Cough . pneumonia on 1/2/01 . increase work of Respiration . no significant change to overall appearance of perihilar Lung opacity and peribronchial thickening most with illness v disease . increase density superimpose over the right middle lobe and lingular region on the lateral view may represent superimposition of shadow . however Pulmonary_Atelectasis or a small amount of parenchymal consolidation can not be fully exclude . this Patients 's Lung marking have appear prominent on the four exist x-ray in our file . it is recommend that the Child receive a well - Child x-ray in order to evaluate Lung marking when the Child is not sick . 
year - old Male with Cough . normal slightly hypoventilatory x-ray , no Pneumonia . 
year - old with Cough . normal Thorax radiograph . 
year - old Female with Cough . 1 . Thorax radiograph within normal limit . 2 . no acute abnormality . 
year - old Male with of all post Pneumonia with cough . 1 . suggestion of a small effusion on the projection which is not well see on the lateral view . no consolidative infiltrate are see . 
seven - year Male with Cough . negative Thorax which is somewhat limited by technique . 
month - old girl with one day of barky Cough . normal Thorax radiograph . 
year - old Female with Cough . evaluate for Pneumonia . no Pneumonia . 
this is a month - old Female with a of Cough . left upper lobe and lingular opacity of Pneumonia in the right clinical context . no obvious effusion or definite adenopathy is see . this is new since 1/2/01 . 
year - old Male with Cough . evaluate for Pneumonia . no Pneumonia . 
Cough . possible old disease . no current finding of Pneumonia or other radiographically definable cause for Cough . 
month - old with Cough night for several month . clear Lung . 
Cough no Pneumonia . normal Thorax . 
this is an almost year - old Female with Cough for six week . clear Lung . 
Cough and Fever of a few day duration . normal x-ray . 
Cough for three week . prominence behind the left hilum may be an infiltrate in the superior segment of the left lower lobe . it doe not have the pattern of adenopathy . 
year - old Male with a Cough . 1 . no pneumonia . 2 . viral change . 
Cough . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . 
Cough for one week . Lung clear and Heart normal . 
month - old with Cough . out body . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is of trapping or hyperinflation . no radiopaque body is identify . the airway is normal . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see . if symptom persist , consider bilateral decubitus view of the Thorax to evaluate for more subtle trapping . 
Cough . normal Thorax . the intrathoracic Trachea is normal . 
year - old Female with of deep Cough for approximately 3 month . normal Thorax radiograph . 
cough . normal tissue of the Neck . 
year - old Female with Cough since january . normal Thorax radiograph . 
year month - old Female with Cough . evaluate infiltrate . no Pneumonia . 
year - old Male with Cough . normal Thorax . 
year month - old Female with Cough x week . no disease . 
Cough . sick for nine day . no focal consolidation are identify . 
Cough . minimal increase perihilar marking , which can be see in disease . no pneumonia . 
Cough . normal examination of the airway . 
Cough . small focal area of increase density likely represent a round Pneumonia in the left upper lobe . followup x-ray is recommend when the Patients is clinically asymptomatic . 
Cough and Pneumonia . no disease is see . 
Cough . prominent left inferior Lung marking probably represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis , less likely early infiltrate . followup Motion_Pictures_as_Topic could be consider depend on Patients 's symptomatology . 
two - year with Cough . two view of the airway show mild subglottic narrowing , suggest illness / Croup . the Epiglottis and fold are normal . the Palatine_Tonsil and Adenoids are appropriate for age . 
month - old with several week of Cough . the Lung are mildly hyperinflated . there is also mild perihilar peribronchial thickening . these finding suggest illness or disease . there is no focal infiltrate to suggest pneumonia . the airway is normal . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is also normal . no bony abnormality are see . 
year month - old Male with Cough . normal two view of the Thorax . 
year - old with Cough for 4 week , Pain with deep breath . no disease . 
year - old Male with Cough . evaluate for Croup v Tracheitis . 1 . prominence of palatine and tonsil a describe above . 2 . no finding to suggest Croup . 
year - old with of Cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax . 
year - old with Cough . no disease . 
year month - old Male with Cough , questionable Fever , Lethargy . coarse central Lung marking and small right upper lobe opacity . these finding may represent pneumonia v disease . a small focus of pneumonia in the right upper lobe can not be exclude . 
year - old with Cough , Siblings with pneumonia . medial parenchymal opacity of the left upper lobe with hilar and suprahilar fullness on the left . these finding may be from an acute Pneumonia which include questionable minimal Bronchiectasis . however , followup . 
year - old Female with Cough . no acute pulmonary abnormality . 
year - old Female with Cough . normal Thorax radiograph . 
this is a year month - old Male with Cough . normal two view of the Thorax . 
year - old with Cough . normal Thorax . 
Cough , wheeze for a couple of day . hyperinflated no pneumonia . 
Cough for three week . Thorax within normal limit . 
Cough . Air space Disease at the right base which likely represent Pneumonia . 
year - old Male with Cough . no Pneumonia . 
cough . mildly prominent central vessel and bronchial area which could be a normal variant or it could be see with cardiac Disease or bronchial wall thickening . 
Cough couple of week . Lung clear and Heart normal . 
Cough . no focal opacity to indicate consolidation or Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
year - old Female with Cough . x-ray is normal , of Pneumonia or disease . 
year - old Male with Cough for two day and no Fever . x-ray is normal , no Pneumonia . 
nine - year Female difficulty Respiration and Cough . the Patients is mentally delay and the Patients need to be hold in place to obtain the image . normal Thorax radiograph . 
year , month - old Female with Cough . no acute finding . 
5 year old with Cough . normal Thorax . 
Cough . mild peribronchial thickening with no pneumonia . 
Cough . unremarkable two view of the Thorax no pneumonia . 
Cough . patchy left lower lobe infiltrate of Pneumonia . 
cough , no Fever . retain secretion v Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the right lower lobe . no infiltrate to support Pneumonia . 
Cough . increase in marking are see no infiltrate . 
Cough . no acute finding . 
all with Cough . no significant change since the previous examination . 
six - year with Cough . x-ray is normal , of Pneumonia . 
Cough and breathing . clear and Heart normal . 
Cough . the Patients also ha a of vomiting and have have repair of a web within the last month . the lack of inspiration likely account for some crowding of bronchovascular marking . no pneumonia or other apparent cause for Patients 's Cough . tube is note . 
Cough for one day . no infiltrate is detect . 
Cough . normal Heart and Lung clear . 
year - old Male with Cough . probable Pneumonia in superior segment of right lower lobe . 
five - year Male with Cough . right middle lobe infiltrate or Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
year - old Female with of Cough and no Fever . evaluate for Pneumonia . 1 . coarse central Lung marking which may represent reactive airway or viral small airway Disease . 2 . small focal opacity in right lower lobe , which may represent a small focus of Pneumonia or Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
7 year 1 month old Female with Cough x 2 week . normal x-ray . 
one month of Cough . normal Thorax . 
Cough . no pneumonia . mild hyperinflation of the Lung may represent early viral or disease . borderline enlargement of the Heart . clinical correlation is need . 
Cough for four week . hyperinflation no focal infiltrate . 
Cough for two week . normal Thorax radiograph . 
Cough and pain . normal Thorax radiograph . 
Cough for approximately 3 week . no Fever . negative study . 
year - old Male who was diagnose with whoop Cough thanksgiving weekend and still ha Cough . coarse central Lung marking , which may be see in reactive airway or viral small airway Disease . no pneumonia is see . 
Cough . 1 . increase marking with hyperinflation suggest illness or disease . 2 . moderate bowel gas distention quadrant . unusual visualization of the inner and out wall of a bowel loop in the quadrant . the Patients was upright on the x-ray and there is for free Air on the upright Motion_Pictures_as_Topic . this finding may then be best explain by the Organization_and_Administration of contrast or coating of the bowel wall by an ingest substance . finding should be correlate clinically . if there are abdominal symptom a followup Abdomen Motion_Pictures_as_Topic could be consider . finding convey to the refer clinician 's office at time of interpretation . 
Cough . no pneumonia . minimal streaky density in the right medial lower lobe , likely Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
Cough . right upper lobe volume loss and consolidation . with great consolidation than volume loss , Pneumonia is favor over Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
Cough for several week . finding most with an atypical Infection or disease . there is focal opacity in the right lower lobe which is most likely Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax . 
this is a year - old Male with a Cough , evaluate for Pneumonia . normal two view of the Thorax . 
year month - old with of cough . normal Thorax . 
Cough . two view of the Thorax were perform on 1/2/01 . small patchy opacity within the left medial lower lobe , obscure the posterior portion of the hemidiaphragm . this is with an area of Pneumonia . Pulmonary_Atelectasis can have a similar appearance . the Heart size is normal . 
Cough . query mild excavatum Congenital_Abnormalities . recommend clinical correlation . otherwise normal Thorax . 
nine year old with Cough . normal x-ray , no Pneumonia . 
12 year old Male with Cough of one month duration . of Fever . normal x-ray . 
Cough for 3 week . finding suggest airway Disease no pneumonia . 
Cough for 2-3 week . 1 . clear Thorax . 2 . Air - fluid level in the right antrum with some opacification of the ethmoid Air Cells and sinus . finding with sinusitis . 
approximately 3 year old Male post fistula repair . ha Cough . new right lower lobe opacity which may represent an area of consolidation or Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
Cough . viral v disease . 
Cough for one week . finding most with viral or disease . no pneumonia . 
Cough . bilateral hilar opacity which may represent a viral or small airway Disease . no pneumonia is identify . 
cough . mild prominence of Lung marking of Pneumonia . 
Cough with prior pneumonia . 1 . no focal pulmonary opacity is identify . 2 . focal angulation of the Trachea at the inlet with questionable tissue attenuation overlie the Sternum . recommend repeat study and clinical correlation . the finding were discuss by phone with the refer clinician the day of the exam . 
Cough . previous high exposure of Chlorine . the examination is negative . 
this is a 12 year old Male with of Cough . no pneumonia . 
8 year old Female with Cough . to evaluate for Pneumonia . no pneumonia . 
Cough x several week . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see . 
5-1/2 - year - old Male with Cough for a month . mild peribronchial thickening but no pneumonia . these finding are likely chronic and may represent disease or viral airway Disease . 
16 1/2 year old with Cough . normal Thorax . 
year month - old Female with of frequent coughing . question whoop Cough . clear Lung . no finding to explain Patients 's Cough . 
9 year old with infection , intact right ureteral Stents following right ureteral Replantation . 1 . progressive severe right renal Cicatrix compare to 1/2/01 . 2 . intact right ureteral Stents . 3 . normal kidney . 
this Patients was admit initially for seizure and subsequently have a document infection . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder sonography . 
infection . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of the Kidney bilaterally . 2 . trace amount of nonspecific fluid in the Pelvis . 
one uti . Siblings with reflux . normal ultrasound . 
infection in a one - year Female . evaluate for reflux . normal ultrasound . 
year - old Female with infection . normal ultrasound . incidental note of tiny amount of fluid in the Pelvis cul-de-sac . 
year - old Female with first time infection . evaluate for reflux . normal ultrasound . 
infection in a year Female . normal ultrasound . 
year - old Male with stenosis . infection . mild caliectasis in the upper pole of the Kidney bilaterally . of any Cicatrix or Calculi . no significant urine in the Urinary_Bladder after voiding . 
month - old Female with the episode of infection . mild urothelial thickening in the lower pole Pelvis of the kidney . of any Hydronephrosis , Cicatrix , or Calculi see . 
uti and of nephropathy . normal ultrasound . 
uti . the study is normal . 
5 year old with infection . normal sonographic examination of the Kidney and Urinary_Bladder . 
infection in a four month old Infant . mild left urothelial thickening on an otherwise unremarkable ultrasound . 
11 month 9 day old Female with two infection . normal sonographic Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic of the Kidney . 
year - old Female with infection in january , 2001 . evaluate for structural abnormality . 1 . concentric Urinary_Bladder wall thickening , suggest Cystitis . 2 . normal sonographic appearance of the Kidney . 
this is a year month - old Female with prior infection . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
infection one month ago . normal Kidney . r = 5.9 ; l = 6.4 cm . 
month day - old Female with a uti . normal Kidney and Urinary_Bladder ultrasound . 
recurrent uti . normal ultrasound . 
year month - old Female with infection . normal ultrasound . 
infection . evaluate for reflux . normal ultrasound . 
2 year 9 month old Female with first time infection . normal ultrasound . 
4 year 8 month old Female with infection . normal ultrasound . 
year , month - old Female with 3 prior infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
uti . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year - old Female with infection . 1 . slight asymmetry of renal size , left large than right , no focal hypovascularity or other etiology identify . 2 . mild Urinary_Bladder debris . 
year - old with infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
infection . the Kidney are at or just within 2 standard age and from the mean in size for the Patients 's chronological age , borderline enlarge . correlation with the Patients 's weight may be some value . they are sonographically normal . no Hydronephrosis . 
infection . 1 . minimal free pelvic fluid , likely physiologic 2 . otherwise negative retroperitoneal ultrasound . 
infection ; this is the second infection in 4 month . the Patients have hematuria . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
uti . 1 . normal Kidney . 2 . mild Urinary_Bladder wall thickening with post void residual . 
year , month - old Female with first infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year , month - old Female with infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year - old with infection . possible bifid or partially duplicate collecting system bilaterally with urothelial thickening of what appear to be the lower pole on the left . in addition , the focal hypoechoic mucosal prominence near the left ureterovesical junction raise of a collapse Ureterocele . these finding Volition be further evaluate with voiding cystography . 
year - old Female with daytime Accidents since potty train . no nighttime Accidents . of 4 to 6 infection within the last 18 month . last uti 3 week ago with Fever of 102.6 degree fahrenheit . 1 . asymmetrically increase size of kidney when compare to contralateral side , but within 2 deviation for Patients age . otherwise , normal ultrasound . 2 . minimal fluid in cul-de-sac . 
Cysts on Kidney . utis . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year - old with frequent uti and of febrile uti . asymmetry in renal size with possible duplication of the kidney . visualization of the distal ureter is nonspecific and could be relate to hydrational status or reflux . 
year - old girl with infection . borderline prominence of the right renal collecting system . correlation with a cystogram is recommend to evaluate for reflux . 
year - old Female with recurrent uti . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
uti . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
uti . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
uti . 1 . normal ultrasound with interval growth . 
2 infection past year . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
infection in a year , month - old Female . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder sonography . 
uti . normal ultrasound include Urinary_Bladder . 
almost year - old with infection , despite negative previous workup . interval growth of both Kidney which do not demonstrate of focal Cicatrix , despite of infection . both Kidney are currently large for the Child 's age , which may reflect persistent swelling following recent Pyelonephritis , or be appropriate for the Patients 's overall body habitus , if she is above the th percentile on weight chart . 
multiple infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
infection . 1 . normal Kidney of Hydronephrosis . 2 . echogenic focus adherent to the Urinary_Bladder wall . this may represent adherent debris , Polyps or stone associate with the Patients 's infection . short - term followup ultrasound is recommend in 2 to 3 month . 
infection with a Fever of 102 degree 10 day ago . 1 . mild prominence of renal collecting system , which is nonspecific , and may be normal . the Kidney are otherwise within normal limit in size and have a normal sonographic appearance . 2 . normal Urinary_Bladder . 
infection . 1 . bilateral mild pyelocaliectasis with left extrarenal Pelvis . this partially resolve following voiding . 2 . fluid note and distal Ureter bilaterally , which are normal in caliber . this finding is nonspecific , but may be see in reflux . 3 . otherwise sonographically normal appearing Kidney and Urinary_Bladder . 
4 infection past 6 month . nonfebrile . Mothers ha a solitary Kidney . normal ultrasound for age . 
first infection , Fever to 102 degree . aside from possible right upper pole focal Cicatrix , normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year , month - old Female with infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
uti , Fever 104.9 ; 1 to 2 week ago . normal ultrasound . 
infection . normal interval growth of both Kidney . 
infection Fever . normal ultrasound . 
first infection in an month - old Infant . normal ultrasound . some of the image were obtain in the upright position a the Patients object to the prone positioning . 
uti post Replantation . interval growth of both left Kidney . prominent pelvis and uroepithelial thickening is note . suspect Cicatrix upper pole kidney unchanged . 
infection . reflux . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year - old with infection . normal Kidney ; there is moderate distention of the distal ureter no peristalsis at real time scanning . it is unclear whether this is a functional issue with distention or whether there may be an underlie megaureter . 
Infant with febrile uti . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year - old Female with uti . no comparison . size Kidney with relatively small right inferior renal pole may represent a normal variant versus mild parenchymal loss . 
year , month - old Female with of uti . mild pelvis urothelial thickening which may be see in the infection . otherwise , normal ultrasound include Urinary_Bladder . 
infection . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder ultrasound . 
infection . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder sonography . 
year - old Female with afebrile uti . normal ultrasound . 
followup u t i 1 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 2 . little growth of kidney . 
year - old with infection 2 month ago . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year , month - old Female with uti . concern for reflux . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
infection in a year - old . normal ultrasound . small postvoid residual . 
year - old Male with episode of infection . Research_Report maximal temperature was 105 f normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
8 year - old Female with infection . normal ultrasound . 
year - old with high Fever , infection . 4 to 5 year ago , she have a cystogram which reportedly show 1 reflux possibly on the left . no prior study are available for comparison . small kidney with scatter area of Cicatrix that involve all pole of the Kidney . likely Cicatrix of the kidney a well , with calyceal extension to the renal periphery . 
2 afebrile infection over the past year . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
of reflux . tract one month ago with Fever . normal ultrasound . 
infection . normal ultrasound . 
year - old being evaluate for first infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
month - old with infection . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
month - old Female with first time afebrile uti . normal ultrasound . 
year - old Female with first time infection . 1 . debris in the bladder . 2 . otherwise normal ultrasound . 
multiple infection with associate Dysuria . 1 . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
first time infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
nearly month - old with recent uti . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
month - old Female with episode of infection . 1 . mild left urothelial thickening and extrarenal Pelvis . 
year - old with first infection . no prior study for comparison . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
uti . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
this is a year , month - old Female with of first uti in january . fever . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
uti . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
of one uti in january with Fever . 1 . normal ultrasound 2 . mild Urinary_Bladder wall thickening which may be relate to Cystitis . 
uti . 1 . prominent dilate bilateral collecting system left great than right more prominent following voiding suggest bilateral reflux . 2 . small postvoid residual . 
infection . normal renal sonogram . 
first uti with Fever . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
Patients is a month - old Female with of first afebrile infection . 1 . normal ultrasound . 
year - old Female with infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
followup on a Patients with reflux . interval growth with change in the appearance of the Kidney . 
year month - old Female with reflux . no prior study from this institution . normal ultrasound . 
7 year old Female with Enuresis . followup of bilateral ii reflux . this was last document on the nuclear cystogram date 1/2/01 . the previously perform ultrasound of the same date show normal appearing Kidney with interval growth . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
year - old with of bilateral reflux and small size of kidney . followup . interval growth of both Kidney . kidney remains small for age . 
12 year old Female post bilateral deflux Methods for reflux present for routine followup . normal renal followup ultrasound study . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
4 year old Female with side ii reflux for routine followup ultrasound examination . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
of reflux . followup exam . 1 . no interval growth on the right with a subtle area of Cicatrix . normal interval growth on the left . 
followup bilateral v reflux post bilateral ureteral re . stable sonographic appearance of the Kidney compare to 1/2/01 . 
reflux . symmetric interval growth of both Kidney with stable - appearing Cicatrix involve the lower pole of the kidney . no finding otherwise note . 
ii reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
this is a year - old Female with a reflux and no interval growth of the kidney . on prior ultrasound there was no interval growth of the kidney . this exam was perform to evaluate renal growth . interval growth of both Kidney . renal size discrepancy but no definitive focal Cicatrix . 
year month - old Female with of left ii reflux demonstrate on a nuclear cystogram from jan 2 , 2001 . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
this is a year month - old Female with of right reflux . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
8 year old post deflux Injections for reflux bilaterally . 1 . normal ultrasound . 2 . the previously nondistended ureter was not visualize on today 's examination . 3 . bilateral ureteral jet with bilateral single deflux mound . 
deflux , reflux . Kidney normal , r = 10.0 ; l = 10.2 . left deflux mound flatten . 
followup in an 8 year old with side ii reflux . minimal interval growth of normal appearing and size Kidney . 
reflux . no interval growth of Kidney , otherwise appearance . 
this is a 6 year 10 month old Female with a of left i reflux and right ii reflux demonstrate on a nuclear cystogram from 1/2/01 . this study is compare with the ultrasound from 1/2/01 . normal ultrasound . 
this is a 2 year 10 month old Female with a prior of bilateral ii reflux . the Patients is complain of pain . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
year month - old Female with prior of bilateral ii reflux . Patients ha have prior normal ultrasound . normal ultrasound . 
reflux . Replantation in january 2001 . 1 . size of both Kidney since the prior examination may be spurious and relate to technical difference . other consideration include Infection on the previous examination , or renal Cicatrix . 2 . stable appearance of the kidney with slight upper pole Cicatrix . 3 . stable , small kidney . 
of ii reflux on the left . normal ultrasound . 
year , month - old Female with of left deflux Methods 1/2/01 . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . satisfactory finding post left deflux Methods . 
four and 1/2 year - old with a of reflux , post ureteral Replantation . normal ultrasound , with interval renal growth . 
year - old Female with of bilateral reflux dating Back at least Tears 2001 . there have be several up showing a less reflux , the last one showing 1 reflux on the right . the Patients also ha of urgency and some wetting . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
nearly month - old Male with small kidney and left - side reflux . 1 . atrophic kidney below two deviation for Patients 's age . 2 . mild interval growth of normal - appearing kidney . 
left 3 reflux . the Patients now present for routine up . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
followup dysfunction in a Patients with Enuresis and prior of 1 reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . mild Urinary_Bladder wall thickening raise the of Cystitis or dysfunction . 
year - old Female with a of bilateral 3 reflux Vacuum in 2001 . Patients is schedule to start of the renal toxic medication and ha present for a screening exam . normal interval growth of both Kidney , with stable size discrepancy and suggestion of cortical thinning in the lower pole of the kidney on this limited examination . 
reflux . Replantation . frequency . no significant change since the prior study . 
of right 2 reflux . Patients ha recently have infection . 1 . normal interval growth of bilateral Kidney . 
reflux . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney . 2 . left duplication . otherwise normal . 
reflux . questionable of left renal Cicatrix accord to the Patients 's Mothers . this workup ha be perform elsewhere . 1 . questionable mild diffuse left upper pole parenchymal thinning . otherwise normal ultrasound . 
reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
year - old Female with reflux . followup study . no significant interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . the Kidney remain normal in size for Patients 's age . 
4 year - old with of bilateral 2 reflux ; annual up . normal ultrasound . 
2 reflux . 1 . medical disease of the kidney 2 . dysplastic kidney . 
post bilateral deflux Methods in january . the Patients ha a of bilateral 2 reflux . the right deflux do not work . the Patients is now post re on the right . normal ultrasound post deflux Methods . 
prior infection and reflux . normal ultrasound . 
reflux followup . normal ultrasound . mild intermittent left hydroureter proximally at the pelvis . 
of reflux . followup and evaluate for growth . normal ultrasound with interval growth . 
bilateral 2 reflux . normal ultrasound with bilateral growth of the Kidney . 
3 reflux . evaluate . 1 . normal ultrasound examination . 
bilateral 3 reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
post left re . Patients have prior 3 right reflux and left 4 to 5 reflux . normal ultrasound . 
status post deflux for reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . deflux mound are again note with small postvoid residual . 
of vesicular ureteral reflux . normal ultrasound . 
of reflux and utis . 1 . there is no Hydronephrosis . 2 . the Kidney are within 2 deviation of normal for age . 
followup ultrasound in Patients with know reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
followup valve and bilateral reflux . 1 . no significant growth of globally Cicatrix , echogenic kidney . 2 . slight interval growth of normal kidney . 3 . borderline Urinary_Bladder wall thickening , with no significant postvoid residual . 
this is a year , month - old Female with of bilateral reflux post bilateral deflux Methods on 1/2/01 . 1 . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 2 . bilateral deflux mound with of the Hydronephrosis or hydroureter . 
followup in year - old Female with of bilateral 2 reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
month - old with of prenatal Hydronephrosis found on postnatal sonography a well associate with bilateral 2 reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney with near complete resolution of mild intrarenal collecting system distention . 
of reflux and diverticulum . the Patients is post right ureteral Replantation on 1/2/01 . 1 . there ha be interval growth of the Kidney which demonstrate normal imaging characteristic . 
year - old girl with of reflux . followup . normal ultrasound . 
of left - side 2 reflux . 1 . the Kidney are normal in their imaging characteristic with interval renal growth . 
reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
year - old Female with up of right 2 reflux see on prior nuclear cystogram on 1/2/01 . normal ultrasound . 
this Patients have significant bilateral reflux . recently , the Patients ha have bilateral deflux Methods perform . comparison of today 's image is make to multiple previous exam and also to voiding cystourethrograms . the Patients was catheterize at 3:00 this afternoon . therefore , it take time for the Urinary_Bladder to refill . the Patients is postoperative deflux Methods . no significant Hydronephrosis ha occur following the deflux . both Ureter are visualize but were also note on prior exam . there is a right ureteral jet but a jet on the left was not see . 
followup reflux . normal study with slight growth . 
of left - side 2 reflux post deflux Methods . the Patients ha a know small kidney . no interval change since the prior study with no interval growth of either Kidney . the kidney remains 1 cm small than the kidney , which may reflect mild diffuse parenchymal loss . 
followup bilateral 4 reflux . no significant change since the prior study . 
of bilateral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
8 year - old with a of reflux , post deflux . 1 . change in right upper pole Cicatrix versus junctional line . 2 . bilateral round mass in the region of the ureteral insertion which are with the Patients 's of deflux Methods . 
Fires month - old Female with a of bilateral 2 reflux . normal ultrasound with a suggestion of a possible partial duplication on the right . normal interval growth . 
year , month - old Female with up of right 2 reflux determine on prior nuclear cystogram of 1/2/01 . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
almost year - old with of right - side 2 reflux and infection . 1 . right - side urothelial thickening and transient visualization of the distal ureter , suggest persistent right - side reflux . 2 . interval growth of normal Kidney , of Cicatrix . 
followup or reflux . interval growth of two normal appearing Kidney . the of urothelial thickening and mild Dilatation of the ureter suggest that the Patients may have continue reflux . 
prior of bilateral reflux treat by Replantation . no cystogram since Replantation . routine ultrasound followup . somewhat small , Cicatrix kidney which , however , is growing parallel to the th percentile for age . normal kidney . no Hydronephrosis on either side . 
month - old for followup of 4 reflux bilaterally . 1 . persistent left mild pyelectasis with urothelial thickening . no significant interval growth the kidney was note . 2 . urothelial thickening of the right collecting system of Hydronephrosis . normal interval growth . 
reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
4 right reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
follow reflux . 1 . interval renal growth . previously the difference in the Kidney was 12 mm , and it is now 13 mm . this difference is likely explain by the left upper pole pyelectasis , which is stable . 2 . no finding . 
reflux . 1 . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
reflux . stable appearance of the Kidney . 
ureteral Replantation . up reflux and right lower pole Cicatrix . stable renal examination . the discrepancy in length between today 's scan and the comparison study is likely to interobserver variability , since no other change are identify . 
1 bilateral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
of left - side 2 reflux . 1 . there ha be no interval renal growth a compare to the exam from 1/2/01 . there ha be mild renal growth a compare to the study from 1/2/01 . the Kidney remain within the range in size for age . 2 . the Kidney are normal in their echogenicity with no focal Cicatrix present . 
year - old Female Patients with of left 2 reflux . the Patients is post deflux Injections january 2 , 2001 . 1 . there ha be no interval renal growth , however , the Kidney are within the range in size for age . 2 . there are no finding of pyelectasis in either the right or kidney . 
recent deflux Injections january nd 2001 , on the side for 2 reflux . no interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . of Hydronephrosis or hydroureter following right deflux Methods . 
Cough and Fever . temperature to 103 degree fahrenheit today . mild peribronchial thickening which may be to an airway process such a infection or disease . no focal consolidation to suggest Pneumonia . 
Cough x 2 day Fever x 4 day . normal two view of the Thorax . 
three - year Female with Cough and Fever . normal Thorax radiograph . 
thirteen year old Female with Cough and Fever for one week . evaluate for Pneumonia . no pneumonia . 
Cough for three week with Fever . antibiotic not curing Cough . normal Thorax radiograph . 
Cough and fever . no pneumonia . 
two year , ten month old Male with Cough , Fever , and Stomach Pain . normal Thorax , no Pneumonia . 
5 year 11 month old Female with Cough and Fever x 2 day . normal two view of the Thorax . 
Cough and Fever . Thorax within normal limit . 
Cough and Fever . focal opacity in the right middle lobe may represent either Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia . 
7 year old with Cough and Fever x 7 day . the volume are normal . there is mild perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest illness or disease . minimal streaky density is note in the lung base , though there is no lobar consolidation to suggest pneumonia . finding are more in keeping with minimal Pulmonary_Atelectasis . the angle remain sharp , of effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . 
Cough and Fever . no pneumonia . 
year - old Male with Cough and Fever . normal Thorax , no Pneumonia . 
thirteen month old Male with Cough and Fever . finding worrisome for right lower lobe infiltrate . 
21 month old Male with Cough and Fever of one week duration . no focal Air space Disease identify . 
month - old with Fever , Cough , and congestion for two day . clear Thorax . 
year - old Male with Cough and Fever for three day . 1 . no focal pulmonary consolidation . 2 . gas - fill distend loop of bowel a describe above . 
Cough and Fever , evaluate for Pneumonia . normal x-ray . 
eight - month Male with Fever and Cough for four day . hyperinflation with associate opacity in the right lower and upper lobe may reflect reactive airway and Pulmonary_Atelectasis , possibly of viral etiology . however , degree of right lower lobe and right upper lobe opacity could also represent a superimpose pneumonia or sequela from aspiration . 
Cough and Fever in a year - old . there is mild perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest illness or disease . minimal atelectasis is note in the perihilar region and the Lung base , however , there is no focal , lobar consolidation to suggest pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . the angle are sharp . no bony abnormality are see . 
Cough and Fever . peribronchial wall thickening which may represent either viral or disease . no focal consolidation . 
Cough and Fever . normal radiographic appearance of the Thorax , no Pneumonia . 
Cough and Fever . finding with viral or disease . 
Cough x three day . Fever . normal . 
year - old Female with Cough and high Fever . finding worrisome for right lower lobe Infection . 
prolong fever today . peribronchial thickening no Pneumonia . 
Fever and Cough for several day pain for 1 day . nonspecific nonobstructed bowel gas pattern . mild amount of stool within the Colon . borderline distend bowel with Air . 
Cough and Fever . Lung clear and Heart normal . 
twenty month old with Fever and Cough . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is within normal limit . no bony abnormality are see . 
Cough and Fever . the volume are normal . there is bilateral perihilar , peribronchial thickening . additional , patchy opacity is present in the right middle lobe . finding may represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis relate to illness or disease , or alternatively pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . there are no effusion . the bony Thorax is unremarkable . moderate gaseous distention of the Stomach and Colon is incidentally note in the abdomen . 
year - old Male with a Cough x 1 day Fever x 3 day . no pneumonia . 
month day - old Female with Cough and Fever , no Pneumonia . Lung change of disease or acute illness with no Pneumonia identify . 
Fever and Cough , evaluate for Pneumonia . suspect mild viral or disease . no pneumonia . 
Cough on and off with Fever for five day . no flatten Diaphragm . Lung clear and Heart normal . 
fever x week . normal two view of the Thorax . 
year - old with Fever and Cough . a triangular density is identify just posterior to the Heart on the lateral Motion_Pictures_as_Topic . this create more of a vague opacity on the frontal exam in the region of the lingula . finding suggest volume loss in the lingula , with or no superimpose Infection . there is no associate effusion . the perihilar marking are within normal limit . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see . 
Fever and Cough of two day ' duration . normal x-ray . 
Cough x two week , Fever . no definite Pneumonia to explain the Patients 's Cough and Fever . 
year - old Male with Cough and low - grade Fever for approximately four day . normal Thorax . 
month - old with Fever for 1-1/2 week and Cough . normal Thorax radiograph . no Pneumonia . 
year - old Male with Cough and Fever . normal Thorax , no Pneumonia . 
this is an almost month - old Female with Cough and apparent Fever for 3-4 week . clear x-ray . of Pneumonia or other abnormality . 
year - old Male complain of Cough for the past two day with a Fever of 103 f no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . 
Cough and Fever . mild viral or disease . 
Fever and Cough . the Lung are well - expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see . 
this is a month - old Male with Fever and Cough . normal x-ray . no pneumonia see . 
Cough x 2-3 week . fever per Mothers . no pneumonia , normal Thorax radiograph . 
Fever and Cough . normal Thorax . bifid third and fourth rib . 
Cough and Fever . most with viral or disease . no pneumonia . 
Cough and Fever . two view of the Thorax show of Pneumonia . the pulmonary parenchyma is clear and the pleural margin are sharp . 
Cough for two week and congestion and Fever . Lung clear and Heart normal . 
year month - old Female with Cough and Fever . 1 . of Pneumonia . normal x-ray . 
year month - old Female with Cough and Fever off and on for two week . no Pneumonia . 
Cough and Fever . no radiographic abnormality of the Thorax . 
Cough and Fever . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax . 
Fever for one week with Cough x 3 day . normal Thorax . 
year month - old Male with Cough for one week and Fever for one day . evaluate for Pneumonia . 1 . mildly coarse central Lung marking with minimally increase Lung marking at the posterior Lung base , with Pulmonary_Atelectasis or early Pneumonia . 2 . mild convex right curvature of the mid spine . 
3 year 3 month old Female with of Fever today and Cough since the weekend . comparison are make with january 2 , 2001 . 1 . no Pneumonia . resolution of previously see peribronchial cuff . 2 . mild convex curve of the spine , which may be positional . recommend clinical correlation . 
Fever then Cough . no Pneumonia . 
Cough and Fever . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax . 
year - old Male with Fever and Cough . x-ray is normal , of Pneumonia . 
Cough and Fever . no pneumonia . minimal peribronchial thickening may see in viral or atypical Infection versus disease . 
Fever , Cough . normal radiograph of the Thorax of pneumonia . 
Cough and Fever . minor patchy shadowing , possible Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia in the right mid zone . clinical correlation is recommend . 
Cough , Fever . 1 . left upper lobe Air space opacity . with of Cough and Fever this would be most with Pneumonia . 
year - old Male with decrease breath Sound in the lung base . the Patients also ha Cough and Fever . to evaluate for consolidation . posterior Lung base opacity which appear somewhat homogeneous which is somewhat atypical for consolidation . recommend close followup if the Patients doe not respond to treatment and the symptom persist . 
Cough and Fever x two day . patchy ill - define opacity overlie the right lower Lung , may represent early infiltrate . 
six - year Female with Fever and left lower lobe rale with Cough . two view of the Thorax are normal of Pneumonia . 
this is a 1 year 3 month old Male with of Fever and Cough . finding most with right lower lobe round Pneumonia . followup x-ray to assess resolution is recommend . 
Cough and Fever . two view of the Thorax show normal volume , no hyperinflation . there is bilateral perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest illness or disease . there is no focal infiltrate to suggest pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see . 
Cough , Fever x 12 day . normal x-ray . 
6 year old with Cough for two month , and Fever off and on . clear Lung . 
year - old Male with Fever and Cough . no pneumonia . 
Cough x week . now fever . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see . 
almost 6 year old with Cough and Fever . finding with viral disease or disease . 
Cough and Fever . 1 . left lower lobe infiltrate , likely represent Pneumonia . 
Pneumonia . normal Thorax radiograph with interval resolution of Pneumonia . 
twenty - two month old with of recurrent right middle lobe infiltrate . increase Cough , Tachypnea , and work of Respiration . saturation in the low 90 . 1 . left pneumonia . 2 . right new lobe Pneumonia which ha either not resolve or is recurrent since the prior study . 
Cough . pneumonia . 
Cough and Fever . right middle and probable pneumonia . 
pneumonia . minimal patchiness in the left lower lobe but no current Pneumonia . 
usually get Pneumonia year . Cough since monday . the Pneumonia is at both base and is fluffy in the pattern of Mycoplasma . 
nine - year Male with Pneumonia . resolving Pneumonia . 
eight - year Male with Cough , evaluate for Pneumonia . pneumonia . 
year month old Male with Fever . out Pneumonia . bilateral pneumonia right more than left . 
ten - year Female with Cough . pneumonia . 
Cough for two month with Fever . pneumonia . 
Pneumonia . clear Lung . 
pneumonia on right . interval clearing of patchy parenchymal opacity in the right middle and left lower lobe with no apparent etiology for pneumonia on screening radiograph . 
year - old with Cough and Fever . bilateral peribronchial thickening with pneumonia . 
Pneumonia . worsening airspace Disease a describe . 
Pneumonia . right upper lobe Air space Disease , Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia . 
year - old with pneumonia . clearing pneumonia . 
prior pneumonia , well , followup study . mild improvement in lingula and left lower lobe Air space Disease with moderate residual Disease in the left lower lobe . 
Pneumonia . of Pneumonia . 
up Pneumonia . clear Lung . borderline enlarge Heart size . clinical correlation need . 
year - old Female with Cough . pneumonia . 
cough . interval resolution of pneumonia . 
Pneumonia see on x-ray from 1/2/01 , no Pneumonia . no radiographic of Pneumonia . 
congestion . airspace Disease in the left lower lobe - Pulmonary_Atelectasis v Pneumonia . 
Cough , Fever in year - old Male . 1 . pneumonia . 2 . minimal thickening on the right may represent small effusion . 
prior pneumonia on comparative Motion_Pictures_as_Topic from january nd . complete healing of the previously describe infiltrate in the right upper lobe . 
up Pneumonia . the Patients now ha a Cough . residual right perihilar prominence . however , significant interval improvement in the appearance of the Thorax is see when compare to the of prior infiltrate on the lung . 
up of Pneumonia . since january nd , the Lung have become clear . 
year - old Female present with Cough for the past six day and fever for the past four day . out Bronchitis . hazy opacity in left mid Thorax with Pneumonia . 
Pneumonia . Thorax within normal limit . 
Cough . axillary pneumonia , likely bacterial , likely pneumococcal . 
recent pneumonia . 1 . minimal residual Air space opacification of the right lower lobe . 2 . resolve peribronchial cuff . 
this is a year - old Female with Cough and Fever for 7 day . pneumonia and volume loss maybe with a small amount of right paratracheal adenopathy . there is no effusion or other finding see . Pneumonia is likely Residence_Characteristics acquire and probably bacterial . if this doe not respond to antibiotic then consider pneumonia . 
year - old with Cough and illness post zithromax for clinical Pneumonia still with Cough and side crackle . finding are with a pneumonia . these result were call immediately to the Physicians at Outpatients mason . 
decrease breath Sound on right . out Pneumonia . Fever . finding with pneumonia . 
year month - old Female with clinical suspicion for Pneumonia . 1 . pneumonia . 2 . diffuse peribronchial cuff , which may represent peribronchial thickening to Inflammation or Infection . 
year - old Male with Fever and Cough . right upper lobe round Pneumonia . 
out Pneumonia . this Patients ha Pneumonia in the right middle lobe and also at the left base . 
year - old Female with Pneumonia . normal two view of the Thorax . 
worsening Cough . right middle and pneumonia . 
pneumonia with broncho Spasm . 1 . interval development of subtle patchy opacity in what is likely the middle lobe . Pneumonia versus Pulmonary_Atelectasis . remainder of the Lung are clear . 
eight - year Male with Cough , Fever , right - side pain . evaluate for Pneumonia . pneumonia . 
year - old Male with Fever and Cough . evaluate for Pneumonia . focal pneumonia . 
Cough , Fever . pneumonia with possible effusion . 
Pneumonia . hyperinflated Lung with of pneumonia . 
year - old Male with Cough and Fever . pneumonia . 
Cough . large confluent pneumonia . 
year month - old Male with of Cough . evaluate for Pneumonia . pneumonia . 
this is a year - old Male who have a pneumonia see on a prior outside study from bethesda hospital perform on 1/2/01 . significant interval improvement of the Pneumonia involve the segment of the right upper lobe . 
this is a year - old Female with a Cough and Fever . pneumonia . 
this is a year month - old Female with a Cough . pneumonia . 
Pneumonia . round infiltrate superior segment persist but there is increase Air space Disease in the basilar segment of the lower lobe and medial right upper lobe . 
11-1/2 - year - old Male with Fever and Cough for two day . Pneumonia . 
year - old with Cough and Fever for four day . pneumonia . 
Pneumonia organism . Lung clear and Heart normal . 
Pneumonia . no pneumonia . interval resolution of Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
Pneumonia . normal study of the Thorax . 
followup Pneumonia . near complete resolution of left basilar Pneumonia . 
Pneumonia followup . increase patchy opacity of the Lung a describe . 
year - old with crackle lung . out Pneumonia . pneumonia . 
Pneumonia , breathing not clinically improve . subtle ill define opacity in the left lower lobe could represent Pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting . 
this is a year - old Female with of Fever and Cough . pneumonia . 
Pneumonia . followup . normal Thorax . 
Pneumonia clinically . a in january the Patients ha a right middle lobe infiltrate , this time somewhat more prominent . are there Adult Smoking in the Patients 's house . 
Cough , Fever . right upper lobe consolidation with Pneumonia . also possible Air space opacification in the right middle lobe . 
12 year 5 month old with Cough . left upper lobe and pneumonia . 
Fever x day . finding with viral or disease . 
seven - month Male with Fever . normal Thorax , no Pneumonia . 
Fever . out infection . finding with reactive v viral airway Disease . no pneumonia . 
pain and Fever . a new opacity ha develop in the lung base , most with Pneumonia . the perihilar marking are also minimally increase , suggest Inflammation or illness . the cardiac silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are appreciate . 
Fever for the past four day . small localize area of parenchymal Disease in the left lower lobe . 
Fever with no other symptom . normal Thorax . 
month - old with Fever . finding are with a viral process versus disease no focal Air space Disease identify . 
Fever . no focal Air space Disease . 
this is an eight - month Female with a of Fever and infection . decrease breath Sound on the left base . out Pneumonia . 1 . no pneumonia note . 2 . in the left retrocardiac area , note only on the frontal view , there is a very small area of increase Lung density of questionable significance . 
this is month - old Male with Fever and cough . no pneumonia . 
month - old Male with Fever , no Pneumonia . minimal peribronchial thickening which may be to disease or acute illness with no pneumonia . 
Fever , no Pneumonia . finding raising the of viral infection or disease . 
six year old with Fever . normal . 
Fever for five day . normal radiographic appearance of the Thorax . 
Fever , cough . normal Thorax . 
Fever for two day . minimal increase density right upper lobe probably is favor to represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis . otherwise unremarkable Thorax . 
pneumonia and Fever . increase in marking . streaky left upper lobe Disease likely represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
7 year old with Fever . no radiographic abnormality of the Thorax . 
prolong Fever . normal Thorax radiograph . 
Fever for 11 day . clear and Heart normal . 
two - year Male with Fever and increase white count . 1 . increase perihilar Lung marking are present which may represent change of disease . 2 . subtle increase density in the retrocardiac region is identify , silhouette out the inferior aspect of the descend aorta . this may represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis v early developing infiltrate . 
this is a year - old Male with Fever and positive pneumococcal titer . low level of Lung Inflation,_Economic . no focal consolidation is see to suggest pneumonia . 
Fever for a week . Lung clear and Heart normal . 
Fever . normal radiographic appearance of the Thorax . the slight hyperinflation suggest on the frontal view is not bear out on lateral view . no Fever source is demonstrate . 
year - old Female with Fever . finding with right upper lobe collapse and probable superimpose Pneumonia . 
origin . normal Thorax . 
Fever . left lower lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia . 
fever for four week . normal Thorax radiograph . 
Fever . normal Thorax radiograph , no Pneumonia . 
this is a year - old Female with Fever . no pneumonia . 
year month - old with of Fever and anterior rale . evaluate for Pneumonia . coarse central Lung marking , of disease or viral small airway Disease . no consolidation . 
Fever and congestion . no focal area of consolidation to support Pneumonia . minimal subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis v retain secretion in the right middle lobe . 
Fever . low volume with no focal abnormality . 
year - old with Fever . Thorax the Lung are fully expand and clear . no Fever source is identify . sinus the sinus are well aerate and normal . 
Fever . low volume with no focal abnormality see . 
Fever . of pneumonia . appearance suggest peribronchial thickening and small area of Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
Fever . no infiltrate . 
Fever . 1 . no pneumonia . 2 . increase perihilar Lung marking are likely to low volume , although a mild viral or reactive airway process can not be completely exclude . 
this is a 3 month old Patients who have possible Pyelonephritis with elevated Fever . normal Kidney and Urinary_Bladder . mild urothelial thickening of the kidney is see and this can be associate with Infection or reflux . 
year - old Female with of large left lower pole caliceal Diverticulum that was not amenable to interventional therapy attempt one month ago . the Patients ha have Fever and infection and this study is request a followup to possible surgical resection . no significant change or apparent complication associate with the large left lower pole caliceal Diverticulum . 
pain , fever . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
Hydronephrosis . improvement in the Hydronephrosis on the side . normal interval growth of the Kidney . 
Hydronephrosis . this Patients have an intraabdominal cystic mass that was discover in utero . subsequent study and intraoperative examination reveal this cystic mass on the right to connect with the renal collecting system and appear to be a dilate Pelvis . 1 . interval decompression of markedly enlarge right extrarenal Pelvis , with new urothelial thickening . Patients is post pyeloplasty . 2 . renal size discrepancy , left great than right . this is presumably to hypertrophy of the kidney which is at two deviation above the expect value for the Patients 's age . the kidney length is within normal limit . 3 . poor corticomedullary differentiation of the kidney . this suggest medical disease . 
month - old Male with right - side Hydronephrosis . 1 . improve right - side Hydronephrosis which can now be characterize a moderate . 2 . normal kidney . 
year - old Female who is refer for followup of left - side Hydronephrosis post pyeloplasty and removal . to also evaluate for calculus . 1 . essentially normal ultrasound study . of any calculus or Hydronephrosis . 2 . there is some debris see within the bladder . 
month - old Male with of left Hydronephrosis . evaluate Kidney for interval change . 1 . unchanged moderate left Hydronephrosis no cortical thinning . interval growth in comparison to previous study . 2 . interval growth of normal - appearing kidney . 
followup Hydronephrosis . 1 . interval resolution of the previously see right Hydronephrosis . 2 . interval growth of both Kidney . 3 . small focal probable area of Cicatrix in the right mid pole . 
followup Hydronephrosis . mild decrease in right Hydronephrosis . bilateral nonspecific urothelial thickening . 
abnormal finding in the Kidney on Magnetic_Resonance_Imaging . 1 . probable dilate calix in the lower pole of the kidney with a caliceal Diverticulum . 2 . moderate Hydronephrosis of the kidney with visualization of the proximal Ureter . 3 . moderate to large postvoid residual . 
this Patients ha a sinus and complex anomaly . this Patients also is file under the last Names of palmer with the same number . anomaly with a dysplastic kidney measuring less than 2 cm , a normal appearing kidney no Hydronephrosis measuring 5.6 cm and a sinus which was debris and urine fill . this sinus drain completely via the Cystostomy . 
stone , renal calcification . significant improvement in Patients 's right - side Hydronephrosis . anechoic structure within each Kidney a describe above , could reflect diverticulum , distort calyx , residual dilate calyx on the right , on the left may reflect some hydrate calcification within the diverticulum , renal cortical Cysts , or persistently dilate calyx . no calculus identify within either Kidney . 
prenatal Hydronephrosis . 1 . minimal prominence of the pelvis , no caliectasis . 2 . bilateral urothelial thickening , a nonspecific finding sometimes associate with Infection , reflux , or previous grade of Dilatation . 
2 year old with prior Hydronephrosis of the left kidney . this is a followup examination . 1 . interval renal growth bilaterally . 2 . moderate pelvic Dilatation of the lower pole moiety of the kidney , unchanged . 
month day - old Male with Hydronephrosis . out junction obstruction . 1 . no significant in moderate left Hydronephrosis . 2 . normal kidney . 
followup Hydronephrosis . 1 . stable right Hydronephrosis . 2 . normal interval growth of both Kidney . 
up left junction obstruction . change in the Hydronephrosis and cortical thinning of the kidney . 
followup Hydronephrosis . normal interval growth of both Kidney with stable Hydronephrosis . the Hydronephrosis is slightly great on the left than the right . 
year - old who ha have of left megaureter . this is a followup study . bilateral interval renal growth . persistent minimal Hydronephrosis on the left , which is slightly diminish since the prior study . 
prenatal Hydronephrosis . mild left Hydronephrosis no hydroureter . 
month - old with Hydronephrosis post right pyeloplasty . 1 . moderate right Hydronephrosis , decrease . stable cortical Cicatrix of the right lower pole with relative preservation of the right upper pole , of duplication . 2 . minimal Dilatation of the left collecting system , decrease . persistent hyperechoic debris within the left lower pole , possibly to prior Infection or near the of prior Catheters placement . mild Cicatrix of the left lower pole with relative preservation of the left upper pole , of duplication . 
year - old who is ha a of duplex kidney with right ureteropyeloplasty by Research_Report . she ha a know distal right ureteral stump . 1 . bilateral minimal interval renal growth . 2 . right upper pole parenchymal thinning , unchanged . 3 . new left mild Hydronephrosis . 4 . small distal right ureteral stump . 
followup right Hydronephrosis post removal 1/2/01 . decrease in right Hydronephrosis . 
followup solitary Kidney . 1 . stable appearance of the solitary kidney with moderate Hydronephrosis . parenchymal Cysts unchanged . 2 . stable appearance of the augment Urinary_Bladder . 
of sinus , cloacal variant , multiple utis , followup . new bilateral left great than right Hydronephrosis with a persistent fluid fill Ureter see on the right . the Urinary_Bladder is markedly distend and doe not slightly change on the postvoid image . unchanged echogenic small focus within the lower pole the kidney which may represent a small stone or small focus of fat . 
bilateral pyeloplasty 's . 1 . change in mild left Hydronephrosis or moderate right Hydronephrosis . 2 . interval increase in length of kidney , and slight decrease in length of kidney . the difference are likely technical given the otherwise similar appearance of both Kidney and short time interval . 
prenatal Hydronephrosis . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
of hydronephrosis . previous examination january 2 , 2001 . comparison to clinic visit . hydronephrosis , unchanged in degree since the prior exam of january 2 , 2001 . 
year - old with bilateral hydroureteronephrosis most likely relate to megaureters . interval growth of the Kidney . moderately distend Ureter bilaterally are unchanged though there is slight improvement in the moderate right and moderate left intrarenal collecting system distention . 
followup Hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 1 . small echogenic kidney with interval resolution of Hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 2 . kidney remains upper limit of normal in size . 
followup prenatal Hydronephrosis . 1 . improvement with residual mild prominence of the pelvis . 2 . change in mild left Hydronephrosis . 
Hydronephrosis . followup . interval growth in both Kidney . otherwise no significant change since the prior study . 
followup hydronephrosis . 1 . interval decrease in hydronephrosis since 1/2/01 . 2 . interval growth of Kidney . 
Hydronephrosis . borderline right mild Hydronephrosis . 
year - old girl with of deflux Methods . the Patients then present with gross Hematuria to the emergency department . no interval change moderate right Hydronephrosis . 
month - old Female with right ureteral removal . of right mid ureteral Constriction,_Pathologic post resection and reanastomosis of the ureter . dysplastic kidney post ureteroureterostomy and placement in january 2001 . 1 . post right ureteral removal . no significant in dysplastic kidney . 2 . interval decrease in right - side Hydronephrosis with no significant in right hydroureter . 3 . interval growth of normal kidney . 4 . stable hyperechoic lesion at inferior aspect of left Liver margin with Hemangioma . 
month - old Male with possible Hydronephrosis . possible Patients or of cyst . normal ultrasound . 
9 month day - old Female with of left junction obstruction . Patients ha of Ureterostomy . this is up examination for left - side Hydronephrosis . 1 . normal interval growth . 2 . stable appearance to left Ureterostomy . 3 . no Hydronephrosis or Cicatrix see . 
day - old Male with clinical prenatal of hydronephrosis . Research_Report by the Patients 's Mothers , on prenatal imaging the right Hydronephrosis was worse than on the left . 1 . severe left and mild right Hydronephrosis . no ureter were demonstrate . differential consideration would include obstruction at the level of the up junction , on the left , and improve mild obstruction at the right up junction on the right versus right reflux . 
of bilateral ureteral Replantation . follow Hydronephrosis . comparison is make to study date 1/2/01 and 1/2/01 . 1 . mild right Hydronephrosis , slightly improve . 2 . interval growth of both Kidney . 
Hydronephrosis , megaureter . left ureteral Replantation . comparison is make to study date 1/2/01 . 1 . improve Hydronephrosis bilaterally . 2 . decrease size of the kidney . 
this is an year , month - old Male with of exstrophy and previous mild right - side Hydronephrosis . this is a followup . 1 . no significant interval growth of either Kidney in this one year period . 2 . the kidney remains stable in appearance with mild Hydronephrosis and focal Cicatrix involve the mid and lower pole . 3 . normal appearing kidney . 
nine - year Male with left - side pain . Pain is reportedly localize above and inferior to the Nipples and lateral to the Nipples at time . by Research_Report , this increase with activity . normal Thorax radiograph . no finding to account for symptom . 
pain . stable exam no radiographic of acute cardiopulmonary Disease . 
14 year old Female with pain in the left lower Ribs . normal Thorax radiograph of Pneumothorax . 
year month - old Female with pain . normal Thorax . 
pain while Running . normal exam . 
13 year old with pain over the Sternum . the Lung are well - expand and clear . there is no Pneumothorax or effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are appreciate . note that Thorax radiographic technique is insufficient for detail Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic of the sternal Bone_and_Bones . if Pain persist in this region , consider dedicate sternal Motion_Pictures_as_Topic for additional Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . 
pain and tightening with Heart racing . normal Thorax . 
left chest Pain . rule - out Pneumonia . normal Thorax . 
year - old boy with pain . normal x-ray . 
Pain in Ribs area , anterior mid Thorax near Sternum . the Ribs and region of the Sternum normal on plain image . a in january 2001 , tenting of the mid - right Diaphragm and the right Heart contour . Spleen normal in this Patients say to have a of disease . 
year - old Female with pain . normal Thorax radiograph . 
13 year old with pain . no radiographic of acute cardiopulmonary Disease . 
this is an year - old Female with of Pain on inspiration , right Thorax . out Pneumothorax . normal exam . 
ten year old with pain x two week . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are appreciate . there is of Pneumothorax or pleural Disease to explain pain . 
year - old Female with pain and swelling in the anterior third and rib ha be by a Basketball . normal Thorax radiograph . 
pain , side hit on Coffee table . normal . 
pain with deep breath . of Pneumothorax or Pneumonia to explain the Patients 's pain . 
year month - old Male with pain . no acute cardiopulmonary Disease . 
fell at Schools . pain . no fracture of the Ribs . Lung clear . 
pain . normal Thorax study . 
year - old Female with right pain . 1 . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality see . 2 . no wall abnormality demonstrate . 
year - old Male with lateral and anterior pain after fall on a chair in Schools . normal Thorax . 
pain , upper area . normal Thorax . 
year - old with pain . no acute finding . 
pain . segmentation abnormality of the mid spine . resultant Scoliosis . 
14 year old with asthma . complain of pain . no infiltrate or effusion . 
pain . mid thoracic curvature , possibly positional . otherwise normal Thorax . 
right - side pain for 1 1/2 week . normal Thorax . 
pain . Elbow in Ribs at Basketball practice with Pain in the line on the side . normal Thorax radiograph . 
year - old with recurrent left - side pain . negative Thorax . 
cell with pain . persistent low volume with improve bibasilar Air space Disease . bony change are with of disease . 
this is an 18 year old Female with of left pain . no focal abnormality detect . 
bladder . followup . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of the Kidney bilaterally with no notable growth from the prior study . 
followup in a Patients with bladder . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
bladder . stable appearing ultrasound . the previously describe punctate echogenic focus within the left lower pole are stable . it is uncertain whether these are fat , vessel , or tiny Calculi . in any case , they are unchanged . no Hydronephrosis . interval growth of both Kidney . 
bladder . normal ultrasound . 
13 year 5 month old Female with of bladder . this is a followup examination . stable sonographic Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic of the Kidney in a Patients with bladder . 
this is a year - old Male with a of a bladder . the Patients ha a mitrofanoff . normal ultrasound . 
this is an year - old Male with a of bifida and bladder . Patients ha have augmentation surgery and ha a mitrofanoff . normal ultrasound . 
followup on a Patients with a bladder . normal study with interval growth . 
bladder . followup . small renal size for the Patients 's age . however , there ha be slight interval growth in the size of the Kidney bilaterally and the Patients is know to have kidney . otherwise , unremarkable ultrasound . of calculus . 
this Patients ha know bladder . the Kidney now appear normal . the Patients is postoperative augmentation and the expect finding of debris and irregularity of the wall are apparent . 
bladder , up . change in mild fullness of the collecting system of the kidney . no other in the appearance of the Kidney . following Catheterization there is no post void residual . 
this is an year - old Patients for routine followup and ha a of bladder . stable normal appearing , growing Kidney bilaterally . 
this is a year - old Patients who have a of bladder . the Patients apparently have a injury . 1 . normal examination of the Kidney . 2 . normal Urinary_Bladder and function . 
followup on a year - old with bladder post augmentation . interval growth with change in the appearance of the Kidney . 
up infection . bladder . no significant change ; normal Kidney . 
bifida , bladder , for routine followup . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
bladder post final cord Wounds_and_Injuries . interval growth of the Kidney . however , when the Urinary_Bladder was distend there is new bilateral pelvicaliceal Dilatation and ureteral Dilatation . this could suggest the of reflux . the Patients is to have a cystogram following the current ultrasound . 
year , month - old Male with bifida and bladder . normal Kidney and Urinary_Bladder ultrasound . 
bladder . resolution of right Hydronephrosis . 
Meningomyelocele , bladder , Spine bifid . improvement of the left lower pole collecting system Dilatation . normal interval growth of the Kidney . no other change . 
up on Patients with bladder and utis . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
this is an almost year - old Female with of bifida and bladder . 1 . normal appearing Kidney with no interval in renal size since previous exam . 2 . finding with bladder . 
bladder . know previous Hydronephrosis and hydroureter on the right . 1 . essentially normal kidney , which is upper normal for size . 2 . small echogenic kidney with thin parenchyma , stable . 
year - old Male with bladder . 1 . 1.1 x 0.8 x 1.0 cm ill - define echogenic focus within the kidney upper pole , which appear stable in comparison to the examination date 1/2/01 . this area is of unknown etiology and significance . Nephrology Referral_and_Consultation should be consider . further imaging should be base on this Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . 2 . normal sonographic appearance of the kidney and Urinary_Bladder . 
up exam for year - old Male with bladder . 1 . normal ultrasound . 2 . irregular , bladder . 
year , month - old Female with of bladder , augmentation and mitrofanoff . 1 . no significant growth of Kidney , which may may be normal at this age . 2 . probable stable left upper pole cortical Cicatrix . 3 . no Hydronephrosis . 
of a bladder with renal Cicatrix . this is a followup study . Cicatrix of both Kidney more mark on the left than the right . urothelial thickening in the kidney . 
bifida and bladder dysfunction . satisfactory renal growth . Urinary_Bladder trabeculations with bladder dysfunction . 
bifida . bladder . routine followup . to normal Kidney demonstrate normal interval growth . no Hydronephrosis . 
9 year month - old with a of repair and bladder . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
year - old Female with of bladder and Meningomyelocele for routine followup . the Patients reportedly ha a Cystostomy . limited study with grossly normal appearing Kidney . 
Enuresis . normal interval growth . 
emptying Enuresis . 1 . interval growth of both the Kidney . 2 . the Urinary_Bladder wall is mildly irregular . 
year - old Male with of Enuresis . normal ultrasound . 
year - old Male with Enuresis . normal ultrasound . 
9 year old Female with of incontinence . the Patients ha have prior infection . 1 . normal ultrasound . 2 . the bladder is displace anteriorly by a fluid fill structure in the Pelvis thought to be a distend Vagina . after voiding , the Vagina is empty , the Urinary_Bladder is unchanged in volume but no longer displace . the retain fluid in the Vagina may account for the Patients 's symptom of incontinence . 
year - old Female with Enuresis . normal ultrasound . 
10 year month - old Male with Enuresis . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
Enuresis . likely artificial echogenic focus within the central portion of the kidney , otherwise normal ultrasound . 
Enuresis . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
day and night Enuresis . 1 . symmetric enlargement of both Kidney , otherwise normal sonographic appearance . 2 . small post void residual . 
year - old Female with anuresis . normal ultrasound . 
Enuresis . 1 . normal Kidney . 2 . Urinary_Bladder wall thickening , clinical correlation recommend to exclude Infection or bladder . 
incontinence . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
Enuresis . normal ultrasound . 
year - old Female with Enuresis . 1 . large postvoid residual with questionable thickening of the Urinary_Bladder suggest dysfunction . 
13-1/2 - year - old nighttime anuresis and intermittent enuresis . Mothers Research_Report that the Patients is sometimes dry for several night in a row . upper normal asymmetry in renal size . the right doe not appear hypoplastic or Cicatrix and the left collecting system doe not appear duplicate , therefore this is most likely normal for this Patients . otherwise normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
Enuresis . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year - old Male with day and night Enuresis . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
this is a year - old Female Patients with nighttime Enuresis since january of this year . the Patients complain of burning and redness in the Perineum . 1 . this is a normal ultrasound . 
7-1/2 - year - old with of Urinary_Bladder exstrophy , Hernia,_Umbilical , and incontinence . up . comparison is make with 1/2/01 . 1 . small echogenic focus within the lower pole kidney , which could represent a Calculi . the previously demonstrate focus within the mid pole of the kidney is not see on the current study . 2 . otherwise , normal Kidney bilaterally with interval growth . 
day and time Enuresis . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
incontinence , enuresis . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder , was small postvoid residual . 
Enuresis , incontinence . normal ultrasound . 
enuresis . 1 . kidney for age . however , the Patients 's height is a 134 cm in the Patients 's weight is 28.6 kilogram which result in a Kidney size is normal for the Patients 's size . 
month - old Female with of incontinence . comparison make to ultrasound examination from 1/2/01 . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
dysfunction . previous of urachus which was surgically repair . apart from the slight rotation of both Kidney the study is normal . 
Enuresis . the Kidney have demonstrate interval renal growth , are normal in size for age , and demonstrate normal imaging characteristic . 
incontinence . essentially normal ultrasound for age . small to moderate postvoid residual . 
enuresis . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
this is a year month - old Male with gross Hematuria detect at the end of Urination on monday . the Patients is asymptomatic . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
this Patients present with Hematuria . 1 . asymmetry of renal size . normally , the Kidney are not different great than 1 cm . both Kidney are within two deviation of normal for the asymmetry . 2 . there is no evidence or obvious cause for the Patients 's Hematuria . no stone or mass were identify . 
year - old Female with Hematuria . 1 . normal ultrasound . 2 . minimal fluid in Pelvis , likely physiologic . 
Hematuria . normal Kidney , each measuring 7.7 cm in length . 
this is an 8 year old Male with of hematuria . mild right pyelectasis , otherwise normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
5 year old Female with Hematuria . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year - old Male with recent of gross Hematuria . of Nocturnal_Enuresis . normal ultrasound , include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year - old note to have hematuria on routine Sports physical . normal ultrasound , include the Urinary_Bladder . 
almost year - old Male with intermittent , gross Hematuria since 1/2/01 . 1 . normal ultrasound . 2 . minimal Urinary_Bladder debris . 
hematuria . normal ultrasound . 
this Patients have Hematuria . Patients recently have trauma right side of the Abdomen . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder sonography . 
pain and Hematuria . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
Hematuria . evaluate for stone . normal ultrasound . 
Hematuria . normal ultrasound . 
pituitary and Hematuria . evaluate . 1 . bilateral enlarge Kidney the cause of which in view of the Patients 's clinical history could be relate to Glomerulonephritis . no Hydronephrosis and of Calculi . 
intermittent Hematuria and Calcium , no Nephrocalcinosis . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney , duplicate kidney ; normal Urinary_Bladder . 
day - old Male with Hematuria . normal ultrasound . 
year - old Female with Hematuria . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
Hematuria . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
Hematuria . infection . 1 . normal ultrasound . 
hematuria . normal exam . renal length are normal for the Patients 's height . 
of pain and Hematuria at the beginning of this month , when a ct scan demonstrate a nonobstructive Calculi at the left ureterovesical junction . this is a followup study . the Patients is currently asymptomatic . great than 1 cm difference in the size of the Kidney . the small kidney is normal for the Patients 's age , while the kidney is large for the Patients 's age . appearance of the kidney suggest a duplication although i do not see band of Tissues to suggest a complete duplication . i feel that this Kidney is a normal Kidney which may be partially duplicate . 
8 year month - old with Dysuria and Hematuria . no prior study for comparison . mild postvoid Urinary_Bladder residual . otherwise normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
gross Hematuria . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
Hematuria . the Kidney are normal in size for age and demonstrate normal imaging characteristic . 
seven month old with wheeze , congestion . finding with viral or disease . 
nine year old with wheeze and secretion . interval clearing of bilateral Air space Disease since 1/2/01 and 1/2/01 . essentially normal Thorax . 
wheeze . normal Heart and Lung with minimal peribronchial thickening with bronchitis . 
wheeze since Parturition . no airway abnormality see . 
four month old with wheeze . Pneumonia versus Bronchiolitis . patchy opacity in the right upper Lung zone , with Air space Disease in the right upper lobe . infiltrate versus Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
this is a three - year Male with a of recurrent wheeze , post Pneumonia three week ago -lrb- clinical -rrb- . out Pneumonia . mild hyperinflation of both Lung with a very small Mediastinal_Emphysema which is with the Patients 's of wheeze . this was call to the pulmonologist fellow - on call at the time of the dictation . 
recurrent wheeze . normal Thorax . 
wheeze . clear Lung . 
month - old Male with wheeze . normal Thorax radiograph . 
wheeze . mild hyperinflation no pneumonia . 
two - year seven - month Female with wheeze . normal x-ray no radiographic of residual dysplasia . 
month - old Male with wheeze . mild hyperinflation with no pneumonia . 
month - old Male with wheeze . normal Thorax radiograph . 
Patients with wheeze . normal x-ray . 
six - month Male with wheeze . 1 . no focal consolidation or Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the Lung . 2 . Trachea is not clearly visualize . since the arch and the descend aorta are also not clearly identify , further Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic with a swallow examination can be perform to exclude a ring such a a arch , etc. , compressing on the Trachea . 
wheeze for two week . no Fever . clear Lung . hyperinflation may be relate to disease . 
wheeze . finding with viral or disease . no pneumonia . 
wheeze x 3 day , no Fever or Cough . normal two view of the Thorax no focal consolidation . 
wheeze . reactive airway picture of the Thorax with more focal Air space Disease / Pulmonary_Atelectasis medial lung base and lingula . 
month - old Female with upper symptom for three month , wheeze . 1 . increase in perihilar interstitial marking with associate peribronchial cuff , with viral v disease . 2 . no focal consolidation . 
wheeze . the examination is negative . 
year month - old Male with of wheeze . evaluate for abnormality of the Thorax . no Pneumonia . 
year - old Female with wheeze . of Pneumonia . 
breathing and wheeze / . normal two view of the Thorax . 
this is a year - old Female with a prior infection . normal followup ultrasound of the Kidney with interval growth . 
year - old Female with one of infection past . normal ultrasound study include the Urinary_Bladder . 
up Patients with uti 's and reflux . change in normal appearing Kidney . 
this Patients have a infection . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder sonography . 
this is a 1 year 10 month old Female with infection . evaluate for cause of uti . normal ultrasound . 
year - old Female with a of uti . normal exam . 
infection approximately 6 week ago . the Patients was febrile . normal Urinary_Bladder and renal sonography . 
year - old with of reflux and multiple infection . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
3 year month - old Female with infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
2 year month - old Female with 3 of utis past year . Fever up to 103 degree . the most recent uti and was one month ago . 1 . significant renal size discrepancy with finding suggest kidney Cicatrix , a above . 2 . normal appearing kidney . 3 . normal Urinary_Bladder ultrasound . 
year - old Female with 3 infection in the last 6 month . normal Kidney with mild upper pole caliectasis see only in position and intermittent visualization of the distal ureter . voiding cystogram Volition be perform to exclude reflux . 
infection , 3 week ago . Fever 101 . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
2 infection past 6 month . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
first uti , no Fever . uti was 2-3 week ago . normal ultrasound examination . 
year , month - old with infection . normal ultrasound . . 
Patients with recent infection approximately two week ago . Patients ha have one previous infection at approximately two year of age . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year - old Female with episode of infection , one of which was febrile . 1 . mildly thicken Urinary_Bladder wall , which can be see with Cystitis . correlate with clinical exam or Laboratories finding . 2 . otherwise , normal ultrasound . 
multiple infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
5 month old with Hydronephrosis , followup examination . moderate pelvic Dilatation and mild calyceal Dilatation of the kidney with urothelial thickening , improve compare with the prior study . 
followup Hydronephrosis . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney , with persistent size discrepancy of great than 1 cm . 2 . mild left pyelectasis with associate urothelial thickening . the degree of distention of the left Pelvis ha decrease since the prior study however . 
of Hydronephrosis and calculus . 1 . persistent bilateral mild pyelectasis . 2 . interval size of right upper pole calculus with new mid to lower pole right calculus . growth of left mid pole Calculi . 
abnormal prenatal ultrasound with Hydronephrosis . bilateral pyelectasis , minimal on the right and moderate on the left . the kidney size is at the upper limit of normal . 
followup left Hydronephrosis . 1 . stable sonographic appearance of the normal kidney with minimal central pyelectasis . 2 . interval growth of kidney with stable moderate left Hydronephrosis and dilate Ureter . 
year - old with of left Ureterocele and left mild Hydronephrosis . . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney . the minimal left pyelocaliectasis is unchanged . 2 . residual minimal tissue in region of previous left Ureterocele . 
Infant,_Newborn with prenatal diagnosis of Hydronephrosis . side not specify . 1 . left renal pyelectasis with a urothelial thickening . otherwise normal ultrasound . 
right Hydronephrosis . persistent right - side pyelectasis or Hydronephrosis . 
almost month - old Female with prenatal diagnosis of left Hydronephrosis . up exam . 1 . mild interval improvement in moderate left pyelectasis . 2 . normal kidney . 3 . interval growth of bilateral Kidney . 
left Hydronephrosis . 1 . slightly decrease left Hydronephrosis with persistent moderate dilation of the pelvis . a before , this would be concern for a junction obstruction . 2 . normal kidney with growth . 
year , month - old Male with of left Hydronephrosis . 1 . stable moderate left caliectasis compare with january 2001 . 2 . minimal interval renal growth bilaterally . 
day - old being evaluate for prenatal unilateral Hydronephrosis . moderate right - side and mild left - side pyelectasis no hydroureter . otherwise appearance of Infant,_Newborn Kidney . 
up right renal duplication and Hydronephrosis . minimal residual lower pole pyelectasis in the duplex kidney . 
Hydronephrosis post pyeloplasty . 1 . mild residual intrarenal Dilatation of the kidney with residual mild Dilatation of the pelvis . 
prenatal Hydronephrosis on the right . slight asymmetry of renal size with the left being large . the Patients may have left duplication . there is very mild left Dilatation of the collecting system with urothelial thickening . this could be to reflux . the kidney appear normal . 
prenatal Hydronephrosis followup . 1 . mild / moderate right Hydronephrosis . 2 . minimal left Hydronephrosis . 3 . bilateral Ureterocele with dilation of both distal Ureter . 
9 year old with a ppd . normal Thorax radiograph . 
ppd . of tuberculosis . 
reactive ppd . normal Thorax radiograph . 
month - old Female with ppd . normal Thorax radiograph . 
ppd . no acute abnormality of Thorax . 
ppd after bcg . asymptomatic , negative history . normal outside Motion_Pictures_as_Topic . 
year - old with ppd . of acute cardiopulmonary Disease or of tb . 
this is a year month - old Male who ha be a know positive reaction to ppd since 2001 . no acute cardiopulmonary Disease ; ha Patients have bcg . 
know positive reactor in 2001 . clear . 
adopt ppd . suspect possible hilar adenopathy with left lower lobe Air space Disease . this is nonspecific for Tuberculosis but must be consider . correlation with Sputum may be worthwhile . finding were discuss with denise rankin 's office 1/2/01 . 
ppd . normal Heart size with clear Lung . no radiographic of active tb . 
ppd . 1 . no radiographic of active tb . 
tb or ppd , evaluate for tb . 1 . clear Lung . 
year - old with ppd . right upper lobe linear density is favor to represent subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis over early infiltrate . followup Motion_Pictures_as_Topic may be consider . 
year - old Female with ppd . no pneumonia . 
previous ppd . the examination is negative . 
three - year Male with disease and increase breath Sound on the right . 1 . no feature of pneumonia . 2 . disease , likely viral in etiology . presume subtle area of right middle lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
Cough , Asthma . 1 . hyperinflated Lung with the Patients 's asthma . 2 . no focal consolidation is evident . 
left bilateral prominent Asthma . stable Thorax . 
Asthma , Bronchiectasis and increase wheeze and tightness for the last four day . the Lung are clear no finding to indicate hyperinflation , Pneumonia , or acute disease change . 
pain Asthma . mildly hyperinflated Lung no focal opacity . 
year - old Male with Asthma and Cough over several week . normal Thorax . 
Asthma , Cough , recurrent Infection . clear Thorax . questionable mm lucent lesion posterior rib . please see above discussion . 
year month - old Male with disease . Thorax radiograph within normal limit a above . no significant radiographic feature of disease or of Pneumonia . 
five - year Female with Cough and Fever . disease , possibly a viral etiology . no feature of pneumonia . 
Asthma . radiographically normal Thorax . 
Cough for two week , possible Pneumonia . disease , no Pneumonia . 
disease . wheeze . normal Thorax radiograph . 
month - old with Asthma . increase perihilar marking but of Pneumonia . 
disease . Thorax within normal limit . 
year - old girl with Asthma . normal Thorax radiograph . 
fibrosis . Thorax within normal limit . 
yearly checkup for fibrosis . in the interval , there ha be minimal in the appearance of the Thorax . there is mild perihilar , peribronchial thickening . however , no focal infiltrate have develop . cardiac and mediastinal silhouette remains normal . no bony abnormality are see . 
fibrosis yearly exam . Stomach is greatly dilate with gas and fluid . however , the Heart and Lung appear normal . 
fibrosis . low volume ; otherwise , clear Thorax . 
nine - year Female with fibrosis , yearly followup . out new infiltrate . minimal new in the right lower lobe . finding with fibrosis . 
year - old with fibrosis for yearly Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . stable to slightly less apparent change with mild know fibrosis . 
year month - old Male with know fibrosis , yearly Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic is request . 1 . mild increase in the interstitial thickening within the left upper lobe and Lung base bilaterally with otherwise stable Thorax radiograph . 
fibrosis with increase Cough and sinus symptom . the moderate streaky plus peribronchial change from fibrosis in the Lung are unchanged compare to january and no new confluent infiltrate is see . 
fibrosis . no acute cardiopulmonary Disease . 
fibrosis . yearly followup . stable appearance of the Heart and Lung with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . 
year - old with fibrosis . no acute cardiopulmonary Disease . 
cf yearly Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . essentially normal Thorax radiograph . 
this is a year - old Female with fibrosis . this is a yearly Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . very mild peribronchial cuff with Patients 's know of fibrosis . this is not significantly change allow for better aeration on today 's exam when compare with the exam from 1/2/01 . 
year - old with fibrosis , yearly Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax . 
fibrosis , anniversary visit . Spleen appear small . the Patients 's diffuse peribronchial thickening see 1/2/01 is similar in extent . Heart remains normal . 
three - year Female with cough . 1 . small band of Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the left lower lobe . 2 . otherwise clear Lung . 
Cough . Pulmonary_Atelectasis at the lung base with associate hyperinflation , most likely represent viral or disease . 
right middle lobe collapse . persistent partial right middle lobe collapse , although improve . 
Fever and Cough . area of plate - like Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the right middle lobe . no pneumonia is see . 
Cough . band - like area of Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the right lower lobe . no focal consolidation to suggest Pneumonia . 
this is a two - year Male with of Fever and Tachypnea , no Pneumonia . finding with viral v disease with subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the right lower lobe . no pneumonia note . 
year - old Female with Cough and concern for Pneumonia . finding most likely represent disease or infection with left lower lobe subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
Cough . right middle lobe subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis . otherwise clear Lung . 
on january nd , the Patients have a plate - like area of Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the left lower lobe . this is a up image . normal Thorax . 
nine - month Female , post arrest . persistent pulmonary opacity with increase Pulmonary_Atelectasis of the left upper lobe . tube and line a discuss above . 
Cough . mild hyperinflation , left lower lobe subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
atrophy with long standing but variable right upper lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis . increase right upper lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis in a Patients who ha have waxing and waning right upper lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis on multiple prior examination . less well define opacity in the superior segment of the right lower lobe which was not see on prior study . this could represent a new area of Pulmonary_Atelectasis or an area of Pneumonia . 
Cough and wheeze . possible early Pneumonia involve the lingula and possibly the right middle lobe . 
Cough and wheeze . finding most with Tracheomalacia . 
five year old with all , present with Cough , congestion and wheeze . 1 . no new pneumonia . 2 . interval resolution of previously describe left lower lobe opacity . 
year - old Female with Cough and wheeze for several week . evaluate for abnormality . probable band of Pulmonary_Atelectasis see on lateral view only . no Pneumonia . 
Cough and wheeze . no pneumonia . 
Cough and wheeze . no infiltrate . Heart normal . 
month - old girl with Cough and wheeze . 1 . mild peribronchial thickening of disease versus infection . 2 . no focal infiltrate to indicate Pneumonia . 
coughing , wheeze and stuffy Head . the Lung are clear . 
month - old with cough and wheeze . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no hyperinflation . the perihilar marking are within normal limit . there is no focal infiltrate or effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see . 
year - old Male with Cough and wheeze that ha get worse since the weekend . bibasilar opacity and right upper lobe opacity . these could represent either Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia but given the bilaterality and the age Mycoplasma a well a other pneumonia should be include in the diagnosis . 
year - old Female with Cough and wheeze . normal x-ray . 
this is a 2 year 2 month old Female with of wheeze and Cough for two week . normal x-ray . 
month - old Male with hemihypertrophy . abdominal ultrasound normal abdominal ultrasound . please see ultrasound of same day for discussion of Kidney . ultrasound normal sonographic appearance of both Kidney , however there ha be asymmetric growth with the left large than right . there are no finding to suggest underlie mass or Cicatrix or edematous change from Pyelonephritis . 
year - old Female with beckwith wiedemann Syndrome is refer for up . no significant interval change since the previous study . both Kidney are normal in appearance , no mass to suggest development of tumor . 
syndrome . normal ultrasound . 
beckwith wiedemann Syndrome . normal Kidney . 
month - old Female with syndrome . normal ultrasound , include the Urinary_Bladder . 
beckwith wiedemann Syndrome , evaluate for possible Neoplasms . normal abdominal ultrasound and ultrasound , specifically of mass or other abnormality . 
beckwith wiedemann Syndrome . no focal mass . 
beckwith - wiedemann Syndrome . normal interval growth in normal appearing Kidney . 
year , month - old with hemihypertrophy . up examination . Abdomen : normal abdominal ultrasound . Kidney : normal ultrasound . of mass . 
beckwith wiedemann Syndrome . evaluate for mass . 1 . large bilateral Kidney for this age which are otherwise normal in appearance of mass . 
hemihypertrophy . normal ultrasound . 
this is a Patients with Meningomyelocele and bladder . normal ultrasound in a Patients with bladder . 
bladder with Meningomyelocele repair . Patients is 10 month old . normal ultrasound . 
Meningomyelocele bladder . minimal pyelectasis , stable to improve when compare to the previous study . similar size Kidney with interval growth of kidney , kidney measure similarly . 
this Patients ha know Meningomyelocele and bifida with bladder . stable appearance of the Kidney and Urinary_Bladder in this Patients with know bladder . little growth ha occur however the last exam was do only 3 month previously . mild Dilatation of the intrarenal Pelvis is see on the left . 
bladder , bifida , followup . normal ultrasound . 
this is a year - old Female with of Meningomyelocele and bladder . this is a followup . normal ultrasound . bladder . 
of Meningomyelocele and bladder . Patients ha a Cystostomy . 1 . there ha be minimal if any interval growth of the Kidney . both Kidney are within 2 deviation of normal for age . 2 . there is no Hydronephrosis . 
followup on a bifida Patients with bladder . normal study with interval growth . 
year - old now with of bladder and tether cord . no significant interval change . 
year , month - old Male with bladder . 1 . Meningomyelocele with bladder . 2 . normal appearing Kidney with interval growth . 
year - old for routine followup of renal growth . Patients ha Meningomyelocele , bladder , post augmentation , on clean intermittent Catheterization . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney , no current of Hydronephrosis or Nephrolithiasis . 2 . new left upper pole cortical Cysts , a describe above . no additional disease is identify . 3 . echogenic focus within the Urinary_Bladder lumen . interval resolution / removal of the dependent , shadowing stone . 4 . enlarge ovary contain both a simple anechoic Cysts and echogenic area suggest cyst . neither area in the ovary exceed 3 cm in diameter , the threshold for a followup scan . 
year - old with of bilateral ureteral Replantation . 1 . minimal growth of the Kidney compare to last study . the kidney is great than the kidney size likely relate to moderate pyelectasis . the pelvicaliceal Dilatation ha slightly increase bilaterally . 2 . new Dilatation of the distal Ureter . recommend clinical correlation and possible further urologic Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . 
this is a year - old Female post deflux Methods . this is her second followup ultrasound after the Methods . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney . 2 . stable mild left lower pole pyelectasis in Patients with left kidney . 3 . normal - appearing kidney . 
followup left pyeloplasty . stable sonographic appearance of the Kidney with moderate right and moderate left pyelectasis with residual Dilatation,_Pathologic . 
this Patients ha have surgery in the kidney for junction obstruction . the Patients have prior placement of this Stents which was subsequently remove . intermittently , the Patients ha severe of left pain and despite Pain therapy , and management , his behavior is abnormal and he cry of Pain . 1 . normal kidney . 2 . mild pyelectasis , which appear slightly improve over the past several examination . these result were convey to the parent . 
day - old Male with mild pyelectasis . 1 . pelvis bilaterally with mild calyceal Dilatation . 2 . distal ureteral Dilatation bilaterally . 3 . dilation vary over time suggest that reflux is more likely than obstruction . 
post pyeloplasty of the kidney . this is a up study . stable mild right pelvicaliceal Dilatation and mild left pyelectasis . symmetric interval growth of both Kidney . 
this is a month - old Male Patients with of left - side junction obstruction detect in utero . 1 . mark pyelectasis of the kidney , unchanged from the prior study . 2 . minimal Dilatation of the pelvis , unchanged from the prior exam . 
this Patients is familiar a i do her previous ultrasound from january 2 , 2001 . the Patients is postoperative bilateral placement from january 2 , 2001 . the kidney ha stable intrarenal Dilatation of the collecting system following placement . on the left , the Patients ha moderate intrarenal Dilatation of the collecting system which ha increase since the exam of january 2 . however , the clot appear less obvious and is small . recommendation on next imaging : the prone imaging is the most valuable for assess this Patients . recommend prone imaging be obtain . at the next exam , assess the Urinary_Bladder which also be informative to u to determine the size of the clot , Stents position , and also ureteral Dilatation . the result of the study were discuss with the Mothers . 
four day of pain . the Stomach is quite full of food and fluid . it is just lunch time . the Colon ha moderate stool . otherwise normal . 
pain , no Pneumonia . normal Thorax . 
pain , nonspecific . normal ultrasound . 
year - old Male with of cyst . pain . normal ultrasound . 
pain . clear , Heart normal . 
side pain , evaluate for stone . 1 . essentially unremarkable renal sonogram . 
pain . normal ultrasound . 
this Patients ha intermittent pain . most recently , the Patients have an ultrasound do yesterday to exclude Intussusception . there was of Intussusception . in addition , the Patients have a ultrasound do 5 day previously which was normal . normal abdominal ultrasound . normal ultrasound . an underlie cause for the Patients 's clinical symptom is not apparent . 
year - old Female to evaluate for renal parenchymal calcification or Calculi . the previously perform ct of the spine was suspicious for hyperdense area in the Kidney which could represent calcification . normal ultrasound study of Kidney and bladder . 
calculus . stable Calculi in the lower pole of the kidney . 
reevaluate for stone . two new calculus are now identify in the upper pole of the left Kidney . 
this is a 16 year 7 month old Female with a calculus in the kidney . examination is compare with the study from 1/2/01 . 1 . 5 mm calculus in the mid portion of the kidney with no significant Hydronephrosis . 2 . normal appearing kidney . 
up of right calculus . no significant interval change since the previous study . hyperechoic focus in the mid pole of the kidney with some shadowing , is likely the stone see previously . 
stone . bilateral nonobstructing stone . 
this is a year - old Female with of the suspect right calculus discover on a routine ultrasound at 1 year of age . stable appearance of 2 stone in the lower pole of the kidney . 
infection . followup Hydronephrosis . of valve . 1 . right Hydronephrosis , slightly decrease . hydroureter , stable . 2 . small Cicatrix kidney with slightly increase left hydroureter and no caliectasis but slight enlargement of the pelvis . 3 . bladder . 4 . no interval growth since 1/2/01 of either Kidney . 
month day - old Male with duplex kidney with Hydronephrosis and hydroureter of the upper pole moiety . 1 . kidney on the side with at least moderate Hydronephrosis and hydroureter of the upper pole moiety with upper pole parenchymal thinning , unchanged from previous study . there ha be interval growth of the kidney . 2 . normal - appearing kidney with interval growth . 
megaureter Hydronephrosis . borderline size discrepancy of Kidney , left measure large than right . transient mild distal hydroureter , left great than right , especially note in the Urinary_Bladder is fill . this is not identify on initial partially fill Urinary_Bladder image . 
followup right megaureter . Hydronephrosis . 1 . interval improvement in right - side Hydronephrosis , now mild . moderate right hydroureter remains stable . interval renal growth . otherwise stable study . 
day - old Female with prenatal of right - side Hydronephrosis . 1 . moderate right Hydronephrosis and proximal hydroureter with the appearance of u p j obstruction . 2 . renal size discrepancy to hydronephrotic kidney . 3 . urothelial thickening on the left . 
5 year - old Female post right deflux Methods and present with right Hydronephrosis and Infection . improve appearance of the kidney with resolution of Hydronephrosis and decrease size of the hydroureter . 
reflux . normal interval growth of the Kidney bilaterally . very minimal pyelectasis on the left which ha improve since previous examination . 
of right - side Hydronephrosis , with tortuous right hydroureter and left - side reflux . 1 . interval mark improvement in appearance of the kidney with resolution of mark Hydronephrosis and hydroureter . there is residual mild lower pole caliectasis of the kidney . 2 . normal kidney . 
year - old Female with of bilateral 3 reflux . 1 . small kidney with urothelial thickening and pyelectasis . 2 . size kidney with mild pyelectasis and urothelial thickening . 3 . mild Urinary_Bladder wall mucosal irregularity . 
followup in the Patients with bilateral 2 reflux . prior ultrasound and cystogram suggest a duplicate collecting system on the left . stable mild left lower pole pyelectasis . otherwise normal sonographic appearance of the Kidney . 
deflux Injections prior reflux . 1 . normal kidney however no interval growth . 2 . minimal pyelectasis of the kidney and urothelial thickening unchanged . 
followup bilateral reflux . bilateral growth of size Kidney . change in mild bilateral pyelocaliectasis . 
kidney . interval growth of kidney . 
routine followup in a Patients with of left - side duplicate Kidney and Replantation surgery . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . kidney is duplicate . 
8 year - old with left renal collecting system duplication initially see on Magnetic_Resonance_Imaging of the spine and confirm on previous sonography now for routine followup . interval growth of both Kidney change in the uncomplicated duplication on the left . 
Patients with kidney . followup study . kidney with interval growth of both moiety no complicate feature . each renal moiety measure low end of normal but measurement may be inaccurate to nonconventional lie of Kidney . 
horseshoe or kidney , ureteral abnormality . post augmentation . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . on today 's examination however there is mild Dilatation of the right pelvic calyceal system and minimal increase in the Dilatation of the left pelvic calyceal system . 2 . post augmentation with irregular Urinary_Bladder wall . 
this is a month day - old Female with a of prenatal Hydronephrosis and left v reflux . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney . 2 . decompression of both renal collecting system , with only minimal calyceal distention on today 's exam . 
591 Hydronephrosis . 4 reflux on left . the possibility is not out that the Ureterocele open into the Vagina or a sinus or the fourchette . 
Hydronephrosis reflux . 1 . interval growth of the abnormal kidney -lrb- likely medical disease -rrb- , no other change since prior exam . 
1 year old with of bilateral reflux , side Hydronephrosis on prenatal ultrasound . 1 . normal kidney . 2 . mild left Hydronephrosis to know grade reflux . both Kidney show interval growth . 
year , month - old Male with of bilateral 5 reflux . Patients receive deflux surgery on the right in january 2001 and left Ureterostomy with recent Replantation on january 2001 . Patients with of multiple placement past . Patients currently with left postoperative stent . 1 . moderate left - side Hydronephrosis which appear improve when compare to preoperative severe Hydronephrosis see on january 2 , 2001 . 2 . stable appearance the kidney no Hydronephrosis . 
year - old Female post amplatzer Equipment_and_Supplies placement in the Heart present for followup . Lung are clear . stable postoperative change with Sternotomy wire and amplatzer Equipment_and_Supplies a describe above . 
post reconstruction . followup ultrasound . interval growth of normal - appearing Kidney . 
post left ureteral Replantation . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
followup for ureteral Replantation . stable normal appearing Kidney . 
year - old with of Urinary_Bladder exstrophy , post gastrocystoplasty and mitrofanoff . followup examination . comparison is make with 1/2/01 . normal ultrasound . 
bilateral pyeloplasty for junction obstruction . 1 . interval growth of kidney . moderate right Hydronephrosis . 2 . decrease size of kidney . moderate left Hydronephrosis . 
of left junction obstruction . 1 . minimal interval growth of normal appearing kidney 2 . no significant change of severe left Hydronephrosis with left junction obstruction . 
year , month - old Male with of right junction obstruction post pyeloplasty on 1/2/01 . 1 . stable significant right Hydronephrosis ; however , there ha be some decrease in the caliceal distention post right pyeloplasty . 2 . normal kidney . 
bilateral junction obstruction repair at different time . left ureteral Stents with persistent left Hydronephrosis . 1 . Hydronephrosis of the kidney with Stents in place which is subtle great Hydronephrosis than prior exam . there is improvement when Patients void , but the Hydronephrosis is still worse than prior exam . 
Patients ha a of Meningomyelocele . some interval growth in two normal appearing Kidney . 
38 month old Male with of bifida . no prior study are available at this institution for comparison . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of both Kidney . 2 . mild Urinary_Bladder wall thickening with suggestion of trabeculation . multiple diverticulum may give a similar appearance . 
Patients ha of Meningomyelocele . this is a followup study . some interval growth of two normal Kidney in a Patients with know Meningomyelocele . 
Meningomyelocele Patients for followup . grossly normal Kidney with no significant change . 
Cough , Fever , wheeze . flatten Diaphragm and peribronchial thickening with bronchitis . 
three - year Female with Cough and wheeze a well a Fever . the Patients ha be ill for two day . finding worrisome for pneumonia . 
this is a year - old Male with a of Cough , wheeze and fever . no pneumonia . 
2 year 3 month old Female with Fever and Cough for three day with wheeze . no Pneumonia is see . however , there is peribronchial cuff and increase perihilar marking with viral or disease . 
followup on a 1-1/2 - year - old with caudal regression and bladder . bilateral renal growth and mild hydronephrosis which ha decrease on the left . 
year - old Female with a left kidney , bladder and severe reflux left Kidney . left kidney stable in the degree of Hydronephrosis cause by reflux with Urinary_Bladder filling . the Urinary_Bladder is trabeculated and thicken with bladder . 
Meningomyelocele . bladder . stable appearance of the Kidney . Cicatrix kidney mild / moderate Hydronephrosis . 
bladder . decrease Hydronephrosis . stable Kidney size . 
this Patients ha infection and bilateral ii reflux . the Patients have the Infection in the spring of 04 . on daily basis , the Patients is on bactrim therapy . the kidney doe not appear to have grow . there is no Hydronephrosis or hydroureter . intrinsically , the Kidney appear normal . however , failure of growth of the Kidney may reflect the Patients ha recurrent Infection , Cicatrix or reflux . 
this is a 9 year old Patients with one of infection and Hematuria with no Fever . the purpose of the study was to evaluate for renal growth a the Patients previously was diagnose a have a Cicatrix on the lower pole of the kidney . by cystourethrogram , the Patients have ii left reflux . renal Cicatrix of the lower pole of the kidney . a very small amount of interval growth ha occur since last exam . 
year month - old Female with infection . Patients have nuclear cystogram and was found to have left ii reflux . last ultrasound of jan 27 , 2001 demonstrate little growth of the kidney compare left , otherwise stable ultrasound . 1 . normal ultrasound with interval growth of the both Kidney . 
year - old Female with of infection and right - side 2 reflux . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of the Kidney of Hydronephrosis . 2 . dependent debris within the bladder . 
Fever . Tachypnea . 1 . bilateral peribronchial thickening of disease or pneumonia . 2 . right middle lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis versus Pneumonia . 
Pneumonia . increase right - side airspace Disease , Pulmonary_Atelectasis v Pneumonia . 
Cough , Fever and Vomiting . out infiltrate . no infiltrate . prominent shadow in mediastinum likely represent confluence of vein , but is high in the Mediastinum than expect . followup Thorax xray would be helpful in 6 to 8 week . finding discuss with Physicians on 1/2/01 . 
year - old Male with a of pyloroplasty present with Cough and Fever and Vomiting . nonobstructive bowel gas pattern . 
almost one - year with infection , febrile . 1 . mild right pyelectasis with likely dilate distal Ureter . 2 . normal kidney . 
month - old Female Patients with a one infection . 1 . minimal left - side pyelectasis see only on the supine image . 2 . the left Kidney are normal in size for age . 
month - old Female with Cough . normal Thorax with mild Hypoventilation . 
year - old Male with Cough and of Dyspnea since yesterday . mild peribronchial thickening which may be see in acute illness or disease with no Pneumonia . 
year - old with Hematuria and Proteinuria . normal ultrasound . 
Proteinuria and Hematuria . 1 . under - distention of the bladder ; the Patients may be mildly dehydrate , given the history provide by the Mothers . 2 . no sonographic abnormality of the Kidney are identify . 
year month - old Female with reflux . the Patients ha know left renal duplication and possible right duplication . please evaluate Kidney . no significant interval growth of the Kidney in comparison to 1/2/01 . again note is a left renal duplication and possible right renal duplication . 
4 year 3 month old Female with reflux . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney , with the kidney growing more than the right . no Hydronephrosis or obvious Cicatrix see . 2 . prominent column of bertin or partial duplication of kidney . 3 . normal Urinary_Bladder ultrasound . 
one - year Female with bladder and bifida . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney . stable mild right pyelectasis and minimal left pyelectasis . 2 . Kidney continue to be small for age . 
followup on a Patients with bladder . improvement in left pyelocaliectasis and otherwise no significant change . abnormal corticomedullary differentiation suggest possible Nephrocalcinosis . 
4 year month - old with afebrile uti . partial versus complete duplication of the kidney . 
febrile uti . both Kidney demonstrate partial or complete duplication . there are otherwise normal . a small residuum is see in the Urinary_Bladder postvoid . 
day and night wetting . ha parent . infection . normal r .2 ; l .0 cm . 
Enuresis and infection . normal . r = 9.2 ; l = 9.3 cm . 
year - old Female grade 1/2 bilateral reflux determine on prior cystogram date january 2 , 2001 . recent uti at end of january , 2001 , with a Fever of 104 ? f 1 . small , Cicatrix kidney , below more than 2 deviation in size for Patients 's age . . 2 . mild hypertrophy of kidney , with otherwise size and interval growth . 
6 year old with complex urogenital anomaly , 6 week post deflux Injections for left - side reflux . 1 . surgically absent kidney . 2 . interval growth of remain kidney , length indicate hypertrophy . 3 . deflux mound in the Urinary_Bladder , of hydroureter or Hydronephrosis . 
year - old with previous reflux post deflux Methods . normal ultrasound . 
6 year month - old Female with of bilateral 2 reflux . 1 . slight interval growth of the normal appearing Kidney in comparison to 1/2/01 . 2 . no Hydronephrosis or complication relate to deflux Methods . 
year , month - old Male with of right ureteral Replantation and resection of right Urinary_Bladder base Diverticulum . Patients ha urinary and stool incontinence . 1 . no interval growth of Kidney . the bilateral mild pyelectasis ha decrease from the previous study . 2 . moderate postvoid residual in bladder . 
infection and Enuresis . ha know left kidney with nonobstructive Ureterocele . 1 . normal kidney . 2 . interval growth see of duplex kidney with nonobstructive Ureterocele . 
of the urinary reflux with deflux Injections . 1 . post deflux Injections at the ureteral vesicular junction . 2 . decrease hydroureter bilaterally . 3 . mild pyelectasis with urothelial thickening bilaterally , unchanged . 
month - old Male with mild pyelectasis see in prior ultrasound date 1/2/01 . 1 . decrease pelvicaliceal Dilatation bilaterally . 2 . decrease bilateral hydroureter . 3 . interval growth of Kidney . 
renal anomaly duplex kidney . of reflux . stable ultrasound examination of sonographically normal appearing Kidney . 
year - old post deflux Methods . 1 . Patients 's post deflux Methods . 2 . left duplicate Kidney . 3 . of Hydronephrosis or renal Cicatrix . 4 . large amount of stool within the Colon , possibly represent Constipation . 
Fever and wheeze in a three - month Male . normal Thorax radiograph . 
wheeze and Fever . no pneumonia . 
Hematuria . mild right pyelectasis . otherwise normal . 
year - old Female with incontinence and Dysuria . infection 7 month ago . Research_Report Hematuria . 1 . mild bilateral pyelectasis . 2 . mild post void Urinary_Bladder residual . 
kidney , reflux . kidney with persistent unchanged pyelectasis of the upper pole of the kidney . the growth of the side may be difference in measurement a kidney are difficult to measure . 
4 infection . mild left pyelectasis . mild asymmetry in size of the Kidney with the kidney large for Patients 's age . 
four - year Female with Fever x 2 day and Cough x 1 week . question Pneumonia . disease , likely of viral etiology . no radiographic feature of pneumonia . 
Fever , Cough and Asthma . no Pneumonia . peribronchial cuff which could be to disease or infection . the finding were discuss with the refer Physicians on january 2 , 2001 while review the study . 
Hematuria , infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year - old girl with infection and Hematuria . normal ultrasound . 
malaise with Fever and throat . normal Thorax . 
Fever and throat . Thorax within normal limit . 
three day of Cough , Fever , and breath . no comparative Motion_Pictures_as_Topic . there is band of opacity extend into the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe , with Pneumonia . no associate effusion . 
this is a year - old Male with of breath , Cough , wheeze , and Fever . right upper lobe volume loss and probably Pneumonia . a small amount of adenopathy can not be completely exclude although there are no other finding of adenopathy or effusion . 
year month - old Female with Cough and breath but no Fever . evaluate for Pneumonia . no Pneumonia or other finding to explain Cough . 
year month - old Male with Cough and breath for one week . evaluate for Pneumonia . no Pneumonia . 
Fever . 1 . viral or disease . no pneumonia . 
Fever . viral or disease . no pneumonia . 
3 day of mid - quadrant Pain of Cough . single ap of the Abdomen doe not reveal the etiology of the Patients 's Pain . it appear near normal for minimal prominence of bowel loop in the quadrant . 
year - old Female with left flank and pain . 1 . normal ultrasound . 2 . normal abdominal ultrasound . 
Hematuria , pain . no sonographic abnormality see of the Kidney or Urinary_Bladder . 
year month - old Male with of left - side pain x week , hematuria . normal ultrasound ; there ha be no significant in the size of the Kidney . 
Fever to 104 degree today , increase rate , intercostal retraction , diffuse Respiratory_Sounds on exam . 1 . no pneumonia . 2 . disease versus viral change . 
asthma with Cough and Fever . normal Thorax radiograph . 
uti with Fever . bilateral hydroureteronephrosis . diffuse Cicatrix lower pole kidney . 
febrile uti evaluate for possible reflux . mild Hydronephrosis on the left with suggestion of minimal decrease following partial voiding . 
year - old Male with tightness . no disease . 
Asthma . 1 . slight prominence of central marking is with Patients 's know of disease . 2 . minimal left basilar Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
3 year old Female with infection . normal ultrasound with a hugely distend Urinary_Bladder on initial imaging and moderate postvoid residual . 
year - old Female with gross Hematuria and increase frequency . 1 . Urinary_Bladder wall appear mildly prominent , with moderate amount of intraluminal debris . 2 . otherwise , normal ultrasound . 
kidney . evaluate for Hydronephrosis . solitary kidney with appearance . 
year - old with urethral anomaly and Drainage . 1 . normal Kidney . 2 . nonspecific echogenic debris within the Urinary_Bladder with small residual . 
of Hydronephrosis of the kidney with bilateral reflux . stable moderately severe left - side Hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 
Cough . Patients is adopt from Uganda and ha a ppd test . normal study . 
merely a year - old with recurrent utis . prior cystograms normal x , trace 1 reflux x . have be on suppressive antibiotic . recently discontinue , now with recent e coli uti . moderate postvoid Urinary_Bladder residual with mild Urinary_Bladder wall thickening , nonspecific but may be relate to recent infection / Cystitis . otherwise interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 
13-1/2 - year - old with recent tract and Traction and Fever . kidney . no complication from Pyelonephritis are see . 
none given . normal Thorax . 
Cough and Vomiting . normal Thorax . 
year - old Male with of a single afebrile infection in january with gross Hematuria for a week . the Patients was treat with antibiotic . mild left pyelectasis and ureterectasis . otherwise normal ultrasound . the Urinary_Bladder appear normal although there is a small to moderate post void residual . 
syndrome . 1 . normal right ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 2 . partially duplicate kidney . no Hydronephrosis . 
this is a month - old Male with wheeze . borderline hyperinflation with left lower lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis versus Pneumonia . clinical correlation would be helpful . unless there is clinical information supporting Pneumonia such a Fever and Cough , i favor Pulmonary_Atelectasis . 
8 year old Female with Cough . the Patients ha generalize Lymphatic_Diseases . clear Lung . 
intermittent increase work of Respiration since Parturition no Fever or Cough . there are several episode where the Patients gasp for Air and ha breathing while in a car seat . the Patients calm down and catch his breath when the mom talk to him . she Research_Report funny Sound , gasp while sleeping . the increase perihilar Lung marking may represent mild viral or disease v Artifacts from mildly low volume . i suspect the former . could this Patients be aspirate . 
six - year Male with Cough , wheeze , and appetite . disease with probable right middle lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis , v retain secretion , v early pneumonia . 
Enuresis and Hematuria . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
pneumonia , Cough , followup . persistent right lower lobe opacity with effusion present , slightly improve since prior radiograph of two day previous . 
this is a year - old Male with a of Cough and previous transplant . no pneumonia . 
first time infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
bladder . deflux Methods . reflux on the left . persistent renal size discrepancy . of Hydronephrosis or Cicatrix see . 
Cough . mild disease with hyperinflation . 
this Patients have a of left stone . comparison is make to prior imaging of 1/2/01 . 1 . small 7 x 4 mm calculus in the pelvis causing mild left Hydronephrosis . 2 . possible intrarenal left stone is also note . 
Cough , pharyngitis . normal examination . 
year month - old Male with Cough and pain . there is mild peribronchial cuff no trapping or pneumonia . the finding at most reflect mild viral or disease . 
year - old Female with Fever and pain . normal Thorax radiograph . 
year month - old Male with a of wiskott - syndrome . status - post transplant 1/2 . Patients is complain of Cough . no Fever x week . no pneumonia . 
bilateral ureteral reimplants , of duplication . interval growth of both Kidney with bilateral duplication and mild central prominence of the duplicate collecting system . change in mild diffuse cortical thinning of the right upper moiety . 
of bilateral 5 reflux , post bilateral deflux Injections and subsequent bilateral ureteral Replantation surgery . the Patients recently have a catheter remove . 1 . change in small Cicatrix kidney . change in area Cicatrix of kidney . 2 . right hydroureter . 3 . large post void Urinary_Bladder residual . 
year - old Women with of reflux and infection . normal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 
year , month - old Female with a infection . reflux . mild right urothelial thickening . otherwise , normal ultrasound . 
