eleven year old with all , bone marrow transplant bone marrow transplant on jan 2 , now with three day history of cough . 1 .      likely chronic change at the left lung left lung base . 2 . mild anterior wedge of the thoracic vertebral body thoracic vertebral body . 
six year old with history of cough for one week . the lung are clear . question prominent hilar lymph node hilar lymph node , left great than right , which could be reactive in nature . 
four month old with history of cough .         
sixteen and a half year old male with history of wrestling wounds and injuries to the left neck and shoulder . some pleural fluid pleural fluid was demonstrate on the prior day 's magnetic resonance imaging . the patients ha have cough . please evaluate . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . please see above finding . 
cough , tachypnea . 1 . right middle lobe pulmonary atelectasis v pneumonia . 2 . interval resolution of right lower lobe opacity . 
cough .      finding consistent with viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
cough . mild perihilar bronchial wall thickening may represent either viral infection viral infection or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
none given . normal thorax in a patients who apparently ha multiple hypersensitivity and recurrent cough . 
cough . the lung have clear considerably compare to january 3rd and are now consider within normal limit a is the cardiac shadow . 
cough . patchy disease is see in the lingula which could represent pulmonary atelectasis or early infiltrate . 
persistent cough persistent cough for last few week and runny nose runny nose . normal thorax . 
5 year old female with 3 week of coughing . the patients is status post a 10 day course of antibiotic . right lung right lung base band - like opacity which most likely represent pulmonary atelectasis in the context of viral airway disease . 
cough . peribronchial thickening which can be see with virus diseases viral disease .      
year - old female with cough . normal thorax . 
two - year female with cough off and on for a month -lrb- research report state rsv nasal wash nasal wash -rrb- .       
6 year old female with cough of 4 day duration . normal thorax radiograph . 
eight - year male with cough . normal thorax . 
2-1/2 - year - old female with cough . clear lung .        
                                 
22 month old with cough . normal . 
chronic cough chronic cough , worse at night . normal thorax . 
cough . increase pulmonary marking probably represent virus diseases viral disease .      
six - year male with cough and concern for pneumonia . left lower lobe opacity most likely subsegmental pulmonary atelectasis .     
cough for 5-6 week . normal thorax radiograph .    
year - old with cough .         which     early infiltrate     
month - old female who ha a cough for two day . this may have start when the patients ha episode of gag , airway obstruction , and vomiting . the study is being perform to evaluate for aspiration .                         
cough . there is mild peribronchial cuff with minor increase in perihilar marking .      there is borderline hyperinflation .   most likely              
4-1/2 - year - old with cough . the adenoids and palatine tonsil are quite prominent . however , the nasopharyngeal airway nasopharyngeal airway remains patent . the epiglottis and subglottic trachea are normal . there is          . 
           
year - old with persistent cough persistent cough . mild perihilar prominence . 
this is a year - old male with chronic cough chronic cough .    normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
month - old male with cough . evaluate for pneumonia . possible right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia at posteromedial right lung right lung base . 
cough and congestion for a week . heart normal and lung clear . 
year month - old male with cough of 10 day duration and fever . rule out pneumonia . scatter lung density likely to represent               identify . 
                       identify . 
year - old female with cough . normal thorax radiograph . 
a month - old with cough .         
year month - old female with cough . rule out infiltrate .    
     normal thorax . 
cough , labor respiration . difficulty breathing difficulty breathing since parturition . increase marking , hyperinflation , and streaky disease right middle lobe , likely pulmonary atelectasis . however , there is a patch of round density above the right diaphragm . it is unsure whether this represent superimpose pneumonia or pulmonary atelectasis . 
this is an almost year - old female with cough . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray .       
seventeen month old with cough . the lung         there is mild perihilar , peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness viral illness or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . there is    to suggest pneumonia, bacterial bacterial pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .    are see . 
cough and congestion for six day . suspect right middle lobe airspace disease , either pulmonary atelectasis or pneumonia . 
cough . mild opacification right lower lobe , either pulmonary atelectasis or pneumonia . 
cough . normal thorax . 
                 identify . 
month - old with cough .     
cough . prior history of walking pneumonia . normal . 
cough . history of pneumonia history of pneumonia on 1/2/01 . increase work of respiration .                          increase density superimpose over the right middle lobe and lingular region on the lateral view may represent superimposition of shadow .                this patients 's lung marking have appear prominent on the four exist chest x-ray chest x-ray in our file . it    the child                the child     
year - old male with cough .           
year - old with cough . normal thorax radiograph . 
year - old female with cough . 1 . thorax radiograph within normal limit . 2 .     
year - old male with history of all status post pneumonia with persistent cough persistent cough . 1 .            which             are see . 
seven - year male with cough . negative thorax which is somewhat limited by technique . 
month - old girl with one day history of barky cough . normal thorax radiograph . 
year - old female with cough . evaluate for pneumonia .    
this is a month - old female with a history of cough . left upper lobe and lingular opacity suggestive of pneumonia in the right clinical context .         is see . this is new since 1/2/01 . 
year - old male with cough . evaluate for pneumonia .    
cough . possible old granulomatous disease granulomatous disease .              
month - old with cough at night for several month . clear lung . 
    normal thorax . 
this is an almost year - old female with cough for six week . clear lung . 
cough and fever of a few day duration . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
cough for three week . prominence behind the left hilum may be an infiltrate in the superior segment of the left lower lobe . it doe        
year - old male with a cough . 1 .      2 . viral change . 
cough .      
cough for one week . lung clear and heart normal . 
month - old with cough . rule out foreign bodies foreign body . the lung are well expand and clear . there is         .      is identify . the airway is normal . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .    are see . if symptom persist , consider bilateral decubitus view of the thorax to evaluate for more subtle air trapping air trapping . 
cough . normal thorax . the intrathoracic trachea is normal . 
year - old female with history of deep cough for approximately 3 month . normal thorax radiograph . 
croupy cough croupy cough . normal soft tissue soft tissue of the neck . 
year - old female with cough since january . normal thorax radiograph . 
year month - old female with cough . evaluate infiltrate .    
year - old male with cough . normal thorax . 
year month - old female with cough x week .      
cough . sick for nine day .    are identify . 
cough . minimal increase perihilar marking , which can be see in reactive airway disease reactive airway disease .      
cough . normal examination of the airway . 
cough . small focal area of increase density likely represent a round pneumonia in the left upper lobe . followup x-ray is recommend when the patients is clinically asymptomatic . 
cough and pneumonia .     is see . 
cough . prominent left inferior lung marking probably represent pulmonary atelectasis , less likely early infiltrate . followup motion pictures as topic could be consider depend on patients 's symptomatology . 
two - year with cough . two view of the airway show mild subglottic narrowing , suggest viral illness viral illness / croup . the epiglottis and aryepiglottic fold aryepiglottic fold are normal . the palatine tonsil and adenoids are appropriate for age . 
month - old with several week of cough . the lung are mildly hyperinflated . there is also mild perihilar peribronchial thickening . these finding suggest viral illness viral illness or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . there is    to suggest pneumonia, bacterial bacterial pneumonia . the airway is normal . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is also normal .    are see . 
year month - old male with cough . normal two view of the thorax . 
year - old with cough for 4 week , pain with deep breath .      
year - old male with cough . evaluate for croup v tracheitis . 1 . prominence of palatine and lingual tonsil lingual tonsil a describe above . 2 .       
year - old with history of cough .         
year - old with cough .      
year month - old male with cough , questionable fever , lethargy . coarse central lung marking and small right upper lobe opacity . these finding may represent pneumonia, viral viral pneumonia v reactive airway disease reactive airway disease .                  
year - old with cough , siblings with pneumonia, mycoplasma mycoplasma pneumonia . medial parenchymal opacity of the left upper lobe with hilar and suprahilar fullness on the left . these finding may be from an acute pneumonia which include questionable minimal bronchiectasis . however , followup . 
year - old female with cough .      
year - old female with cough . normal thorax radiograph . 
this is a year month - old male with cough . normal two view of the thorax . 
year - old with cough . normal thorax . 
cough , wheeze for a couple of day .       
cough for three week . thorax within normal limit . 
cough . air space disease at the right base which likely represent pneumonia . 
year - old male with cough .    
chronic cough chronic cough . mildly prominent central vessel and bronchial area which could be a normal variant or it could be see with cardiac disease or bronchial wall thickening . 
cough couple of week . lung clear and heart normal . 
cough .          
year - old female with cough . chest x-ray chest x-ray             
             chest x-ray chest x-ray       
nine - year female with difficulty respiration and cough . the patients is mentally delay and the patients need to be hold in place to obtain the image . normal thorax radiograph . 
year , month - old female with cough .     
5 year old with cough . normal thorax . 
cough .          
cough .            
cough . patchy left lower lobe infiltrate suggestive of pneumonia . 
       retain secretion v pulmonary atelectasis in the right lower lobe .       
cough . increase in marking      
cough .     
all with cough .         
six - year with cough . chest x-ray chest x-ray         
cough and noisy breathing noisy breathing . chest clear chest clear and heart normal . 
cough . the patients also ha a history of diarrhea and vomiting diarrhea and vomiting and have have repair of a duodenal web duodenal web within the last month . the lack of full inspiration full inspiration likely account for some crowding of bronchovascular marking .              gastrostomy tube gastrostomy tube is note . 
cough for one day .   is detect . 
cough . normal heart and lung clear . 
year - old male with cough . probable pneumonia in superior segment of right lower lobe . 
five - year male with cough . right middle lobe infiltrate or pulmonary atelectasis . 
            evaluate for pneumonia . 1 . coarse central lung marking which may represent reactive airway or viral small airway disease . 2 . small focal opacity in right lower lobe , which may represent a small focus of pneumonia or pulmonary atelectasis . 
7 year 1 month old female with cough x 2 week . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
one month of cough . normal thorax . 
cough .      mild hyperinflation of the lung may represent early viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . borderline enlargement of the heart . clinical correlation is need . 
cough for four week . hyperinflation     
cough for two week . normal thorax radiograph . 
cough and chest pain chest pain . normal thorax radiograph . 
cough for approximately 3 week .    negative study . 
year - old male who was diagnose with whoop cough thanksgiving weekend and still ha cough . coarse central lung marking , which may be see in reactive airway or viral small airway disease .     is see . 
cough . 1 . increase marking with hyperinflation suggest viral illness viral illness or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 2 . moderate bowel gas distention left upper quadrant . unusual visualization of the inner and out wall of a bowel loop in the left upper quadrant . the patients was upright on the chest x-ray chest x-ray and there is          . this finding may then be best explain by the organization and administration of contrast or coating of the bowel wall by an ingest substance . finding should be correlate clinically . if there are abdominal symptom a followup abdomen motion pictures as topic could be consider . finding convey to the refer clinician 's office at time of interpretation . 
cough .      minimal streaky density in the right medial lower lobe , likely pulmonary atelectasis . 
cough . right upper lobe volume loss and consolidation . with great consolidation than volume loss , pneumonia is favor over pulmonary atelectasis . 
cough for several week . finding most compatible with an atypical infection or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . there is focal opacity in the right lower lobe which is most likely pulmonary atelectasis . 
chronic cough chronic cough .         
this is a year - old male with a cough , evaluate for pneumonia . normal two view of the thorax . 
year month - old with history of chronic cough chronic cough . normal thorax . 
cough . two view of the thorax were perform on 1/2/01 . small patchy opacity within the left medial lower lobe , obscure the posterior portion of the hemidiaphragm . this is consistent with an area of pneumonia . pulmonary atelectasis can have a similar appearance . the heart size is normal . 
cough . query mild funnel chest pectus excavatum congenital abnormalities . recommend clinical correlation . otherwise normal thorax . 
nine year old with cough .         
12 year old male with cough of one month duration .      normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
cough for 3 week .          
cough for 2-3 week . 1 . clear thorax . 2 . air - fluid level in the right maxillary sinus maxillary antrum with some opacification of the ethmoid air cells and frontal sinus frontal sinus . finding consistent with acute sinusitis acute sinusitis . 
approximately 3 year old male status post tracheoesophageal fistula tracheoesophageal fistula repair . ha cough . new right lower lobe opacity which may represent an area of consolidation or pulmonary atelectasis . 
cough . viral v reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
cough for one week . finding most consistent with viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease .      
cough . bilateral hilar opacity which may represent a viral or small airway disease .        
chronic cough chronic cough .           
cough with prior history of pneumonia history of pneumonia . 1 .        2 . focal angulation of the trachea at the thoracic inlet thoracic inlet with questionable soft tissue soft tissue attenuation overlie the sternum . recommend repeat study and clinical correlation . the finding were discuss by phone with the refer clinician the day of the exam . 
cough . previous high exposure of chlorine . the examination is negative . 
this is a 12 year old male with history of cough .      
8 year old female with cough . to evaluate for pneumonia .      
cough x several week . the lung are well expand and clear . there is        . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .    are see . 
5-1/2 - year - old male with cough for a month .          these finding are likely chronic and may represent reactive airway disease reactive airway disease or viral airway disease . 
16 1/2 year old with cough . normal thorax . 
year month - old female with history of frequent coughing . question whoop cough . clear lung .         
9 year old with recurrent urinary tract infection recurrent urinary tract infection , intact right ureteral stents following right ureteral replantation . 1 . progressive severe right renal cicatrix compare to 1/2/01 . 2 . intact right ureteral stents . 3 . normal left kidney left kidney . 
this patients was admit initially for seizures, febrile febrile seizure and subsequently have a document urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal and urinary bladder sonography . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of the kidney bilaterally . 2 . trace amount of nonspecific free fluid free fluid in the pelvis . 
one uti . siblings with reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection in a one - year female . evaluate for reflux . normal ultrasound . 
year - old female with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . incidental note of tiny amount of free fluid free fluid in the pelvis cul-de-sac . 
year - old female with first time febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection . evaluate for reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection in a year female . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year - old male with meatal stenosis meatal stenosis . urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . mild caliectasis in the upper pole of the kidney bilaterally .                    
month - old female with the first episode of febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection . mild urothelial thickening in the lower pole pelvis of the left kidney left kidney .          calculi   
uti and family history of family history of nephropathy . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
uti . the study is normal . 
5 year old with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal sonographic examination of the kidney and urinary bladder . 
febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection in a four month old infant . mild left urothelial thickening on an otherwise unremarkable renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
11 month 9 day old female with two febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection . normal sonographic evaluation studies as topic of the kidney . 
year - old female with history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection in january , 2001 . evaluate for structural abnormality . 1 . concentric urinary bladder wall thickening , suggest cystitis . 2 . normal sonographic appearance of the kidney . 
this is a year month - old female with prior history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection one month ago . normal kidney . r = 5.9 ; l = 6.4 cm . 
month day - old female with a uti . normal kidney and urinary bladder ultrasound . 
recurrent uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year month - old female with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . evaluate for reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
2 year 9 month old female with first time urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
4 year 8 month old female with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year , month - old female with 3 prior urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year - old female with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . 1 . slight asymmetry of renal size ,              2 . mild urinary bladder debris . 
year - old with history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . the kidney are at or just within 2 standard age and from the mean in size for the patients 's chronological age , borderline enlarge . correlation with the patients 's height and weight height and weight may be some value . they are sonographically normal .    
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . 1 . minimal free pelvic fluid , likely physiologic 2 . otherwise negative retroperitoneal ultrasound . 
febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection ; this is the second urinary tract infections urinary tract infection in 4 month . the patients have microscopic hematuria microscopic hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
uti . 1 . normal kidney . 2 . mild urinary bladder wall thickening with post void residual . 
year , month - old female with first urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year , month - old female with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year - old with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . possible bifid or partially duplicate collecting system bilaterally with urothelial thickening of what appear to be the lower pole on the left . in addition , the focal hypoechoic mucosal prominence near the left ureterovesical junction raise question of a collapse ureterocele . these finding volition be further evaluate with voiding cystography . 
year - old female with daytime accidents since potty train .     history of 4 to 6 urinary tract infections urinary tract infection within the last 18 month . last uti 3 week ago with fever of 102.6 degree fahrenheit . 1 . asymmetrically increase size of left kidney left kidney when compare to contralateral side , but within 2 standard deviation for patients age . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 2 . minimal free fluid free fluid in cul-de-sac . 
cysts on kidney . utis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year - old with frequent uti and history of febrile uti . asymmetry in renal size with possible duplication of the left kidney left kidney . visualization of the distal right ureter right ureter is nonspecific and could be relate to hydrational status or reflux . 
year - old girl with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . borderline prominence of the right renal collecting system . correlation with a cystogram is recommend to evaluate for vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 
year - old female with recurrent uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
uti . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound with interval growth . 
2 febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection in the past year . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection in a year , month - old female . normal renal and urinary bladder sonography . 
uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include urinary bladder . 
almost year - old with recurrent urinary tract infection recurrent urinary tract infection , despite negative previous workup .      which                  both kidney are currently large for the child 's age , which may reflect persistent swelling following recent pyelonephritis , or be appropriate for the patients 's overall body habitus , if she is above the th percentile on height and weight height and weight chart . 
multiple urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . 1 .        2 . echogenic focus adherent to the urinary bladder wall . this may represent adherent debris , polyps or stone associate with the patients 's urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . short - term followup ultrasound is recommend in 2 to 3 month . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection with a fever of 102 degree 10 day ago . 1 . mild prominence of renal collecting system , which is nonspecific , and may be normal . the kidney are otherwise within normal limit in size and have a normal sonographic appearance . 2 . normal urinary bladder . 
recurrent urinary tract infection recurrent urinary tract infection . 1 . bilateral mild pyelocaliectasis with left extrarenal pelvis . this partially resolve following voiding . 2 . fluid note and distal ureter bilaterally , which are normal in caliber . this finding is nonspecific , but may be see in vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 3 . otherwise sonographically normal appearing kidney and urinary bladder . 
4 urinary tract infections urinary tract infection in the past 6 month . nonfebrile . mothers ha a solitary kidney . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound for age . 
first urinary tract infections urinary tract infection , fever to 102 degree . aside from possible right upper pole focal cicatrix , normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year , month - old female with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
uti , fever 104.9 ; 1 to 2 week ago . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal interval growth of both kidney . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection fever . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
first urinary tract infections urinary tract infection in an month - old infant . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . some of the image were obtain in the upright position a the patients object to the prone positioning . 
uti status post replantation . interval growth of both right and left kidney . prominent right renal pelvis right renal pelvis and uroepithelial thickening is note . suspect cicatrix upper pole right kidney right kidney unchanged . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . family history of vesicoureteral reflux family history of vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year - old with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection .                         it is unclear whether this is a functional issue with bladder distention bladder distention or whether there may be an underlie megaureter . 
infant with febrile uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year - old female with uti .    normal size kidney with relatively small right inferior renal pole may represent a normal variant versus mild parenchymal loss . 
year , month - old female with history of uti . mild left renal pelvis left renal pelvis urothelial thickening which may be see in the urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include urinary bladder . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal and urinary bladder ultrasound . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal and urinary bladder sonography . 
year - old female with afebrile uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
followup u t i 1 . interval growth of normal appearing left kidney left kidney . 2 . little growth of right kidney right kidney . 
year - old with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection 2 month ago . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year , month - old female with uti . concern for reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection in a year - old . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . small postvoid residual . 
year - old male with single episode of urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . research report maximal temperature was 105 f normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
8 year - old female with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year - old with high fever , history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection . 4 to 5 year ago , she have a cystogram which reportedly show grade 1 grade 1 reflux possibly on the left .    are available for comparison . small left kidney left kidney with scatter area of cicatrix that involve all pole of the kidney . likely cicatrix of the right kidney right kidney a well , with calyceal extension to the renal periphery . 
2 afebrile urinary tract infections urinary tract infection over the past year . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
history of reflux . urinary tract urinary tract one month ago with fever . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year - old being evaluate for first urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
month - old with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
month - old female with first time afebrile uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year - old female with first time urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . 1 . debris in the urinary bladder urinary bladder . 2 . otherwise normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
multiple urinary tract infections urinary tract infection with associate dysuria . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
first time urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
nearly month - old with recent uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
month - old female with single episode of febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection . 1 . mild left urothelial thickening and extrarenal pelvis . 
year - old with first urinary tract infections urinary tract infection .       normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
this is a year , month - old female with history of first uti in january . low grade fever low grade fever . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
history of one uti in january with fever . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound 2 . mild urinary bladder wall thickening which may be relate to cystitis . 
uti . 1 . prominent dilate bilateral collecting system left great than right more prominent following voiding suggest bilateral reflux . 2 . small postvoid residual . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal sonogram . 
first uti with fever . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
patients is a month - old female with history of first afebrile urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year - old female with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
followup on a patients with reflux .              
year month - old female with history of vesicoureteral reflux history of vesicoureteral reflux .        normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
7 year old female with enuresis . followup of bilateral grade ii grade ii vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . this was last document on the nuclear cystogram date 1/2/01 . the previously perform ultrasound of the same date show normal appearing kidney with interval growth . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
year - old with history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux and small size of right kidney right kidney . followup . interval growth of both kidney . right kidney right kidney remains small for age . 
12 year old female status post bilateral deflux methods for vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux present for routine followup . normal renal followup ultrasound study . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
4 year old female with left side grade ii grade ii vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux for routine followup ultrasound examination . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
history of reflux . followup exam . 1 .              normal interval growth on the left . 
followup bilateral grade v grade v vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux status post bilateral ureteral re . stable sonographic appearance of the kidney compare to 1/2/01 . 
vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . symmetric interval growth of both kidney with stable - appearing cicatrix involve the lower pole of the right kidney right kidney .        
grade ii grade ii reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
this is a year                  left kidney . on prior ultrasound there was       left kidney . this exam was perform to evaluate renal growth . interval growth of both kidney .          
year month - old female with history of left grade ii grade ii reflux demonstrate on a nuclear cystogram from jan 2 , 2001 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
this is a year month - old female with history of right vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
8 year old status post deflux injections for vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux bilaterally . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 2 . the previously nondistended left ureter  ureter         3 . bilateral ureteral jet with bilateral single deflux mound . 
deflux , reflux . kidney normal , r = 10.0 ; l = 10.2 . left deflux mound flatten . 
followup in an 8 year old with left side grade ii grade ii reflux . minimal interval growth of normal appearing and normal size kidney . 
reflux .            
this is a 6 year 10 month old female with a history of left grade i grade i vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux and right grade ii grade ii vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux demonstrate on a nuclear cystogram from 1/2/01 . this study is compare with the ultrasound from 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
this is a 2 year 10 month old female with a prior history of bilateral grade ii grade ii vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . the patients is complain of back pain back pain . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
year month - old female with prior history of bilateral grade ii grade ii vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . patients ha have prior normal ultrasound . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
reflux . replantation in january 2001 . 1 . decrease in size decrease in size of both kidney since the prior examination may be spurious and relate to technical difference . other consideration include infection on the previous examination , or renal cicatrix . 2 . stable appearance of the left kidney left kidney with slight upper pole cicatrix . 3 . stable , small left kidney left kidney . 
history of grade ii grade ii vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux on the left . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year , month - old female with history of left deflux methods 1/2/01 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . satisfactory imaging finding imaging finding post left deflux methods . 
four and 1/2 year - old with a history of reflux , status post ureteral replantation . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound , with interval renal growth . 
year - old female with history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux dating back at least tears 2001 . there have be several follow up follow up showing a less reflux , the last one showing grade 1 grade 1 reflux on the right . the patients also ha history of urgency and some wetting . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
nearly month - old male with small right kidney right kidney and left - side reflux . 1 . atrophic right kidney right kidney below two standard deviation for patients 's age . 2 . mild interval growth of normal - appearing left kidney left kidney . 
left grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . the patients now present for routine follow up follow up . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
followup voiding dysfunction voiding dysfunction in a patients with enuresis and prior history of grade 1 grade 1 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . mild urinary bladder wall thickening raise the question of cystitis or bladder dysfunction bladder dysfunction . 
year - old female with a history of bilateral grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux vacuum in 2001 . patients is schedule to start of the renal toxic medication and ha present for a screening exam . normal interval growth of both kidney , with stable size discrepancy and suggestion of cortical thinning in the lower pole of the left kidney left kidney on this limited examination . 
reflux . replantation . frequency .         
history of right grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . patients ha recently have recurrent urinary tract infection recurrent urinary tract infection . 1 . normal interval growth of bilateral kidney . 
vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . 2 . left duplication . otherwise normal . 
history of vesicoureteral reflux history of vesicoureteral reflux . questionable history of left renal cicatrix accord to the patients 's mothers . this workup ha be perform elsewhere . 1 . questionable mild diffuse left upper pole parenchymal thinning . otherwise normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
year - old female with history of vesicoureteral reflux history of vesicoureteral reflux . followup study .          the kidney remain normal in size for patients 's age . 
4 year - old with history of bilateral grade 2 grade 2 reflux ; annual follow up follow up . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
grade 2 grade 2 reflux . 1 . medical renal disease renal disease of the right kidney right kidney 2 . dysplastic left kidney left kidney . 
status post bilateral deflux methods in january . the patients ha a history of bilateral grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . the right deflux     the patients is now status post re on the right . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound status post deflux methods . 
prior urinary tract infections urinary tract infection and reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux followup . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . mild intermittent left hydroureter proximally at the kidney pelvis renal pelvis . 
history of reflux . followup and evaluate for growth . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound with interval growth . 
bilateral grade 2 grade 2 reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound with bilateral growth of the kidney . 
grade 3 reflux . evaluate . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound examination . 
bilateral grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
status post left re . patients have prior grade 3 right vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux and left grade 4 to 5 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
patient status patient status post deflux for reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . deflux mound are again note with small postvoid residual . 
history of vesicular ureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
history of reflux and utis . 1 . there is   . 2 . the kidney are within 2 standard deviation of normal for age . 
followup renal ultrasound renal ultrasound in patients with know reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
followup posterior urethral valve posterior urethral valve and bilateral reflux . 1 .             2 . slight interval growth of normal left kidney left kidney . 3 . borderline urinary bladder wall         
this is a year , month - old female with past history of past history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux status post bilateral deflux methods on 1/2/01 . 1 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 2 .             
followup in year - old female with history of bilateral grade 2 grade 2 reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
month - old with history of prenatal hydronephrosis found on postnatal sonography a well associate with bilateral grade 2 grade 2 reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney with near complete resolution of mild intrarenal collecting system distention . 
history of reflux and bladder diverticulum bladder diverticulum . the patients is status post right ureteral replantation on 1/2/01 . 1 . there ha be interval growth of the kidney which demonstrate normal imaging characteristic . 
year - old girl with history of reflux . followup . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
history of left - side grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . the kidney are normal in their imaging characteristic with interval renal growth . 
vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
year - old female with follow up follow up of right grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux see on prior nuclear cystogram on 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
this patients have significant bilateral vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . recently , the patients ha have bilateral deflux methods perform . comparison of today 's image is make to multiple previous exam and also to voiding cystourethrograms . the patients was catheterize at 3:00 this afternoon . therefore , it take time for the urinary bladder to refill . the patients is postoperative deflux methods .     occur following the deflux . both ureter are visualize but were also note on prior exam .   a right ureteral jet but a jet on the left     
followup reflux . normal study with slight growth . 
history of left - side grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux status post deflux methods . the patients ha a know small left kidney left kidney .                the left kidney left kidney remains 1 cm small than the right kidney right kidney , which may reflect mild diffuse parenchymal loss . 
followup bilateral grade 4 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux .         
history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
8 year - old with a history of reflux , status post deflux . 1 .             2 . bilateral round soft tissue mass soft tissue mass in the region of the ureteral insertion which are consistent with the patients 's history of deflux methods . 
fires month - old female with a history of bilateral grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound with a suggestion of a possible partial duplication on the right . normal interval growth . 
year , month - old female with follow up follow up of right grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux determine on prior nuclear cystogram of 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
almost year - old with history of right - side grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux and recurrent urinary tract infection recurrent urinary tract infection . 1 . right - side urothelial thickening and transient visualization of the distal right ureter right ureter , suggest persistent right - side reflux . 2 .            
followup or reflux . interval growth of two normal appearing kidney . the presence of urothelial thickening and mild dilatation of the left ureter left ureter suggest that the patients may have continue vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 
prior history of bilateral reflux treat by replantation .      routine ultrasound followup . somewhat small , cicatrix right kidney right kidney which , however , is growing parallel to the th percentile for age . normal left kidney left kidney .       
month - old for followup of grade 4 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux bilaterally . 1 . persistent left mild pyelectasis with urothelial thickening .     the left kidney   was note . 2 .             normal interval growth . 
reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
grade 4 right vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
follow vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval renal growth . previously the difference in the kidney was 12 mm , and it is now 13 mm . this difference is likely explain by the left upper pole pyelectasis , which is stable . 2 .      
reflux . 1 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
reflux . stable appearance of the kidney . 
ureteral replantation . follow up follow up vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux and right lower pole cicatrix . stable renal examination . the discrepancy in length between today 's scan and the comparison study is likely due to interobserver variability , since    are identify . 
grade 1 grade 1 bilateral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
history of left - side grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 1 .  ha              there ha be mild renal growth a compare to the study from 1/2/01 . the kidney remain within the normal range in size for age . 2 . the kidney            
year - old female patients with history of left grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . the patients is status post deflux injections january 2 , 2001 . 1 .  ha         the kidney           2 . there are     in either the right or left kidney left kidney . 
recent deflux injections january nd 2001 , on the right side for grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux .                    
cough and fever . temperature to 103 degree fahrenheit today . mild peribronchial thickening which may be secondary to an airway process such a viral infection viral infection or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease .        
cough x 2 day fever x 4 day . normal two view of the thorax . 
three - year female with cough and fever . normal thorax radiograph . 
thirteen year old female with cough and fever for one week . evaluate for pneumonia .      
cough for three week with fever .      normal thorax radiograph . 
cough and low grade fever low grade fever .      
two year , ten month old male with cough , fever , and stomach pain .       
5 year 11 month old female with cough and fever x 2 day . normal two view of the thorax . 
cough and fever . thorax within normal limit . 
cough and fever . focal opacity in the right middle lobe may represent either pulmonary atelectasis or pneumonia . 
7 year old with cough and fever x 7 day . the lung volume lung volume are normal . there is mild perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness viral illness or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . minimal streaky density is note in the left lung left lung base , though there is         . finding are more in keeping with minimal pulmonary atelectasis . the costophrenic angle costophrenic angle           the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . 
cough and fever .      
year - old male with cough and fever .       
thirteen month old male with cough and fever . finding worrisome for right lower lobe infiltrate . 
21 month old male with cough and fever of one week duration .      identify . 
month - old with fever , cough , and congestion for two day . clear thorax . 
year - old male with cough and fever for three day . 1 .      2 . gas - fill distend loop of bowel a describe above . 
cough and fever , evaluate for pneumonia . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
eight - month male with fever and cough for four day . hyperinflation with associate opacity in the right lower and upper lobe may reflect reactive airway and pulmonary atelectasis , possibly of viral etiology . however , degree of right lower lobe and right upper lobe opacity could also represent a superimpose pneumonia, bacterial bacterial pneumonia or sequela from aspiration . 
cough and fever in a year - old . there is mild perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness viral illness or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . minimal linear atelectasis linear atelectasis is note in the perihilar region and the lung base , however , there is            the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . the costophrenic angle costophrenic angle are sharp .    are see . 
cough and fever . peribronchial wall thickening which may represent either viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease .     
cough and fever .           
cough and fever . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
cough x three day . fever . normal . 
year - old female with cough and high fever . finding worrisome for right lower lobe infection . 
prolong cough with fever cough with fever today .      
fever and cough for several day abdominal pain abdominal pain for 1 day . nonspecific nonobstructed bowel gas pattern . mild amount of stool within the colon . borderline distend small bowel small bowel with air . 
cough and fever . lung clear and heart normal . 
twenty month old with fever and cough . the lung are well expand and clear . there is        . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is within normal limit .    are see . 
cough and fever . the lung volume lung volume are normal . there is bilateral perihilar , peribronchial thickening . additional , patchy opacity is present in the right middle lobe . finding may represent pulmonary atelectasis relate to viral illness viral illness or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease , or alternatively pneumonia, mycoplasma mycoplasma pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . there are     . the bony thorax is unremarkable . moderate gaseous distention of the stomach and colon is incidentally note in the upper abdomen upper abdomen . 
year - old male with a cough x 1 day fever x 3 day .      
                               
fever and cough , evaluate for pneumonia . suspect mild viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease .      
cough on and off with fever for five day .     lung clear and heart normal . 
cough with fever cough with fever x week . normal two view of the thorax . 
year - old with fever and cough . a triangular density is identify just posterior to the heart on the lateral motion pictures as topic . this create more of a vague opacity on the frontal exam in the region of the lingula . finding suggest volume loss in the lingula , with or no superimpose infection . there is      . the perihilar marking are within normal limit . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .    are see . 
fever and cough of two day ' duration . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
cough x two week , fever .             
year - old male with cough and low - grade fever for approximately four day . normal thorax . 
month - old with fever for 1-1/2 week and cough . normal thorax radiograph .    
year - old male with cough and fever .       
this is an almost month - old female with cough and apparent fever for 3-4 week . clear chest x-ray chest x-ray .         
  old male                    
cough and fever . mild viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
fever and cough . the lung are well - expand and clear . there is        . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .    are see . 
this is a month - old male with fever and cough . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray .     see . 
cough x 2-3 week . intermittent fever intermittent fever per mothers .          
fever and cough . normal thorax . bifid third and fourth anterior rib anterior rib . 
cough and fever . most consistent with viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease .      
cough and fever .            the pulmonary parenchyma is clear and the pleural margin are sharp . 
cough for two week and congestion and fever . lung clear and heart normal . 
year month - old female with cough and fever . 1 .      normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
year month - old female with cough and fever off and on for two week .    
cough and fever .        
cough and fever .         
fever for one week with cough x 3 day . normal thorax . 
year month - old male with cough for one week and fever for one day . evaluate for pneumonia . 1 . mildly coarse central lung marking with minimally increase lung marking at the left posterior lung base , consistent with pulmonary atelectasis or early pneumonia . 2 . mild convex right curvature of the mid thoracic spine thoracic spine . 
3 year 3 month old female with history of fever today and cough since the weekend . comparison are make with january 2 , 2001 . 1 .    resolution of previously see peribronchial cuff . 2 . mild convex right curve of the thoracic spine thoracic spine , which may be positional . recommend clinical correlation . 
fever then cough .    
cough and fever .         
year - old male with fever and cough . chest x-ray chest x-ray         
cough and fever .      minimal peribronchial thickening may see in viral or atypical infection versus reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
fever , cough .             
cough and fever . minor patchy shadowing , possible pulmonary atelectasis or pneumonia in the right mid zone . clinical correlation is recommend . 
cough , fever . 1 . left upper lobe air space opacity . with history of cough and fever this would be most consistent with pneumonia . 
year - old male with decrease breath sound in the left lung left lung base . the patients also ha cough and fever . to evaluate for consolidation . left posterior lung base opacity which appear somewhat homogeneous which is somewhat atypical for consolidation .     the patients           
cough and fever x two day . patchy ill - define opacity overlie the right lower lung , may represent early infiltrate . 
six - year female with fever and left lower lobe rale with cough . two view of the thorax        
this is a 1 year 3 month old male with history of fever and cough . finding most consistent with right lower lobe round pneumonia . followup x-ray to assess resolution is recommend . 
cough and fever .               there is bilateral perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness viral illness or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . there is    to suggest pneumonia, bacterial bacterial pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .    are see . 
cough , fever x 12 day . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
6 year old with cough for two month , and fever off and on . clear lung . 
year - old male with fever and cough .      
cough x week . now low grade fever low grade fever . the lung are well expand and clear . there is        . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .    are see . 
almost 6 year old with cough and fever . finding consistent with viral respiratory disease respiratory disease or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
cough and fever . 1 . left lower lobe infiltrate , likely represent pneumonia . 
pneumonia . normal thorax radiograph with interval resolution of pneumonia . 
twenty - two month old with history of recurrent right middle lobe infiltrate . increase cough , tachypnea , and work of respiration . saturation in the low 90 . 1 . left lingular pneumonia lingular pneumonia . 2 .     which             
cough . left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
cough and fever . right middle and probable right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia . 
history of recurrent pneumonia history of recurrent pneumonia .             
usually get pneumonia every year . cough since monday . the pneumonia is at both base and is fluffy in the pattern of mycoplasma . 
nine - year male with pneumonia . resolving pneumonia . 
eight - year male with cough , evaluate for pneumonia . right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia . 
year month old male with fever . rule out pneumonia . bilateral lower lobe pneumonia lower lobe pneumonia right more than left . 
ten - year female with cough . right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia . 
cough for two month with fever . left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
pneumonia . clear lung . 
recurrent pneumonia recurrent pneumonia on right .                           
year - old with cough and fever . bilateral peribronchial thickening with left upper lobe pneumonia left upper lobe pneumonia . 
pneumonia . worsening airspace disease a describe . 
pneumonia . right upper lobe air space disease , pulmonary atelectasis or pneumonia . 
year - old with history of pneumonia history of pneumonia . clearing left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
prior history of pneumonia history of pneumonia  not feeling well        mild improvement in lingula and left lower lobe air space disease with moderate residual disease in the left lower lobe . 
pneumonia .      
follow up follow up pneumonia . clear lung . borderline enlarge heart size . clinical correlation need . 
year - old female with cough . left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
persistent cough persistent cough . interval resolution of right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia . 
pneumonia                  
congestion . airspace disease in the left lower lobe - pulmonary atelectasis v pneumonia . 
cough , fever in year - old male . 1 . right middle lobe pneumonia right middle lobe pneumonia . 2 . minimal pleural thickening pleural thickening on the right may represent small pleural effusion pleural effusion . 
prior history of pneumonia history of pneumonia on comparative motion pictures as topic from january nd . complete healing of the previously describe infiltrate in the right upper lobe . 
follow up follow up pneumonia . the patients now ha a cough . residual right perihilar prominence . however , significant interval improvement in the appearance of the thorax is see when compare to the extent of prior infiltrate on the right lung right lung . 
follow up follow up of pneumonia . since january nd , the lung have become clear . 
year - old female present with cough for the past six day and intermittent fever intermittent fever for the past four day . rule out bronchitis . hazy opacity in left mid thorax compatible with pneumonia . 
pneumonia . thorax within normal limit . 
cough . axillary right upper lobe pneumonia right upper lobe pneumonia , likely bacterial , likely pneumococcal . 
recent history of pneumonia history of pneumonia . 1 . minimal residual air space opacification of the right lower lobe . 2 . resolve peribronchial cuff . 
this is a year - old female with cough and fever for 7 day . right upper lobe pneumonia right upper lobe pneumonia and volume loss maybe with a small amount of right paratracheal adenopathy . there is         . pneumonia is likely residence characteristics acquire and probably bacterial .  this doe    antibiotic       
year - old with cough and illness status post zithromax for clinical pneumonia still with cough and right side crackle . finding are consistent with a right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia . these result were call immediately to the physicians at outpatients mason . 
decrease breath sound on right . rule out pneumonia . fever . finding consistent with right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia . 
year month - old female with clinical suspicion for pneumonia . 1 . right upper lobe pneumonia right upper lobe pneumonia . 2 . diffuse peribronchial cuff , which may represent peribronchial thickening due to inflammation or infection . 
year - old male with fever and cough . right upper lobe round pneumonia . 
rule out pneumonia . this patients ha pneumonia in the right middle lobe and also at the left base . 
year - old female with pneumonia . normal two view of the thorax . 
worsening cough . right middle and right upper lobe pneumonia right upper lobe pneumonia . 
right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia with broncho spasm . 1 . interval development of subtle patchy opacity in what is likely the middle lobe . pneumonia versus pulmonary atelectasis . remainder of the lung are clear . 
eight - year male with cough , fever , right - side pleural pain pleural pain . evaluate for pneumonia . right upper lobe pneumonia right upper lobe pneumonia . 
year - old male with fever and cough . evaluate for pneumonia . focal left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
cough , fever . right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia with possible pleural effusion pleural effusion . 
pneumonia .           
year - old male with cough and fever . left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
cough . large confluent left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
year month - old male with history of cough . evaluate for pneumonia . left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
this is a year - old male who have a right upper lobe pneumonia right upper lobe pneumonia see on a prior outside study from bethesda hospital perform on 1/2/01 . significant interval improvement of the pneumonia involve the anterior segment of the right upper lobe . 
this is a year - old female with a cough and fever . left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
this is a year month - old female with a cough . right upper lobe pneumonia right upper lobe pneumonia . 
pneumonia . round infiltrate superior segment persist but there is increase air space disease in the basilar segment of the lower lobe and medial right upper lobe . 
11-1/2 - year - old male with fever and cough for two day . pneumonia . 
year - old with cough and fever for four day . left upper lobe pneumonia left upper lobe pneumonia . 
pneumonia organism . lung clear and heart normal . 
pneumonia .      interval resolution of pulmonary atelectasis . 
pneumonia . normal study of the thorax . 
followup pneumonia . near complete resolution of left basilar pneumonia . 
pneumonia followup . increase patchy opacity of the lung a describe . 
year - old with crackle right lung right lung . rule out pneumonia . right middle lobe pneumonia right middle lobe pneumonia . 
    breathing     subtle ill define opacity in the left lower lobe could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting . 
this is a year - old female with history of fever and cough . left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
pneumonia . followup . normal thorax . 
pneumonia clinically . a in january the patients ha a right middle lobe infiltrate , this time somewhat more prominent . are there adult smoking in the patients 's house . 
cough , fever . right upper lobe consolidation consistent with pneumonia . also possible air space opacification in the right middle lobe . 
12 year 5 month old with cough . left upper lobe and left lower lobe pneumonia left lower lobe pneumonia . 
fever x day . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
seven - month male with fever .       
fever . rule out bacterial infections bacterial infection . finding consistent with reactive v viral airway disease .      
chest pain chest pain and fever . a new opacity ha develop in the left lung left lung base , most consistent with pneumonia . the perihilar marking are also minimally increase , suggest inflammation or viral illness viral illness . the cardiac silhouette is normal .    are appreciate . 
fever for the past four day . small localize area of parenchymal disease in the left lower lobe . 
      normal thorax . 
month - old with fever . finding are consistent with a viral process versus reactive airway disease reactive airway disease      identify . 
fever .       
this is an eight - month female with a history of fever and ear infection ear infection . decrease breath sound on the left base . rule out pneumonia . 1 .       2 . in the left retrocardiac area , note only on the frontal view , there is a very small area of increase lung density of questionable significance . 
this                  
             which                    
     finding raising the question of viral lower respiratory tract infection lower respiratory tract infection or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
six year old with fever . normal . 
fever for five day . normal radiographic appearance of the thorax . 
      normal thorax . 
fever for two day . minimal increase density right upper lobe probably is favor to represent pulmonary atelectasis . otherwise unremarkable thorax . 
history of pneumonia history of pneumonia and fever . increase in marking . streaky left upper lobe disease likely represent pulmonary atelectasis . 
7 year old with fever .        
prolong fever . normal thorax radiograph . 
fever for 11 day . clear and heart normal . 
two - year male with fever and increase white count . 1 . increase perihilar lung marking are present which may represent change of reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 2 . subtle increase density in the retrocardiac region is identify , silhouette out the inferior aspect of the descend aorta, thoracic thoracic aorta . this may represent pulmonary atelectasis v early developing infiltrate . 
this is a year - old male with fever and positive pneumococcal antibody titer antibody titer . low level of lung inflation, economic .    is see to suggest pneumonia, bacterial bacterial pneumonia . 
fever for a week . lung clear and heart normal . 
fever . normal radiographic appearance of the thorax . the slight hyperinflation                 is demonstrate . 
year - old female with fever . finding consistent with right upper lobe collapse and probable superimpose pneumonia . 
fever of unknown origin fever of unknown origin . normal thorax . 
fever . left lower lobe pulmonary atelectasis or pneumonia . 
chronic fever chronic fever for four week . normal thorax radiograph . 
fever .        
this is a year - old female with fever .      
year month - old with history of fever and left anterior rale . evaluate for pneumonia . coarse central lung marking , suggestive of reactive airway disease reactive airway disease or viral small airway disease .    
fever and congestion .          minimal subsegmental pulmonary atelectasis v retain secretion in the right middle lobe . 
fever .          
year - old with fever . thorax the lung are fully expand and clear .    is identify . sinus the paranasal sinus paranasal sinus are well aerate and normal . 
fever .         see . 
fever .        appearance suggest peribronchial thickening and small area of pulmonary atelectasis . 
fever .    
fever . 1 .      2 . increase perihilar lung marking                        
this is a 3 month old patients who have possible pyelonephritis with elevated fever . normal kidney and urinary bladder . mild urothelial thickening of the left kidney left kidney is see and this can be associate with infection or reflux . 
             that            the patients ha have fever and recurrent urinary tract infection recurrent urinary tract infection and this study is request a followup prior to possible surgical resection .         the large       
flank pain left flank pain , intermittent fever intermittent fever . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
hydronephrosis . improvement in the hydronephrosis on the left side . normal interval growth of the kidney . 
hydronephrosis . this patients have an intraabdominal cystic mass that was discover in utero . subsequent study and intraoperative examination reveal this cystic mass on the right to connect with the renal collecting system and appear to be a dilate pelvis . 1 . interval decompression of markedly enlarge right extrarenal pelvis , with new urothelial thickening . patients is status post pyeloplasty . 2 . renal size discrepancy , left great than right . this is presumably due to compensatory hypertrophy compensatory hypertrophy of the left kidney left kidney which is at two standard deviation above the expect value for the patients 's age . the right kidney right kidney length is within normal limit . 3 . poor corticomedullary differentiation of the right kidney right kidney . this suggest medical renal disease renal disease . 
month - old male with right - side hydronephrosis . 1 . improve right - side hydronephrosis which can now be characterize a mild to moderate . 2 . normal left kidney left kidney . 
year - old female who is refer for followup of left - side hydronephrosis status post pyeloplasty and stent removal stent removal . to also evaluate for kidney calculi renal calculus . 1 . essentially normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound study .           2 . there is some debris see within the urinary bladder urinary bladder . 
month - old male with history of left hydronephrosis . evaluate kidney for interval change . 1 .      hydronephrosis     interval growth in comparison to previous study . 2 . interval growth of normal - appearing right kidney right kidney . 
followup hydronephrosis . 1 . interval resolution of the previously see right hydronephrosis . 2 . interval growth of both kidney . 3 . small focal probable area of cicatrix in the right mid pole . 
followup hydronephrosis . mild decrease in right hydronephrosis . bilateral nonspecific urothelial thickening . 
abnormal finding in the kidney on magnetic resonance imaging . 1 . probable dilate calix in the lower pole of the right kidney right kidney with a caliceal diverticulum . 2 . moderate hydronephrosis of the left kidney left kidney with visualization of the proximal ureter . 3 . moderate to large postvoid residual . 
this patients ha a urogenital sinus urogenital sinus and complex anomaly . this patients also is file under the last names of palmer with the same medical record number medical record number .                   left kidney             which       this urogenital sinus urogenital sinus drain completely via the cystostomy . 
renal stone renal stone , renal calcification . significant improvement in patients 's right - side hydronephrosis . anechoic structure within each kidney a describe above , could reflect calyceal diverticulum calyceal diverticulum , distort calyx , residual dilate calyx on the right , on the left may reflect some hydrate calcification within the calyceal diverticulum calyceal diverticulum , renal cortical cysts , or persistently dilate calyx .     identify within either kidney . 
prenatal hydronephrosis . 1 . minimal prominence of the left renal pelvis        2 . bilateral urothelial thickening , a nonspecific finding sometimes associate with infection , reflux , or previous high grade of dilatation . 
2 year old with prior hydronephrosis of the left duplex kidney duplex kidney . this is a followup examination . 1 . interval renal growth bilaterally . 2 . mild to moderate pelvic dilatation of the lower pole moiety of the left kidney left kidney , unchanged . 
month day - old male with hydronephrosis . rule out ureteropelvic junction ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 1 .         2 . normal right kidney right kidney . 
followup hydronephrosis . 1 . stable right hydronephrosis . 2 . normal interval growth of both kidney . 
follow up follow up left ureteropelvic junction ureteropelvic junction obstruction .             left kidney . 
followup hydronephrosis . normal interval growth of both kidney with stable hydronephrosis . the hydronephrosis is slightly great on the left than the right . 
year - old who ha have history of left megaureter . this is a followup study . bilateral interval renal growth . persistent minimal hydronephrosis on the left , which is slightly diminish since the prior study . 
prenatal hydronephrosis .       
month - old with hydronephrosis status post right pyeloplasty . 1 . moderate right hydronephrosis , decrease . stable cortical cicatrix of the right lower pole with relative preservation of the right upper pole , suggestive of duplication . 2 . minimal dilatation of the left collecting system , decrease . persistent hyperechoic debris within the left lower pole , possibly due to prior infection or near the site of prior catheters placement . mild cicatrix of the left lower pole with relative preservation of the left upper pole , suggestive of duplication . 
year - old who is ha a history of duplex right kidney right kidney with right ureteropyeloplasty by research report . she ha a know distal right ureteral stump . 1 . bilateral minimal interval renal growth . 2 . right upper pole parenchymal thinning , unchanged . 3 . new left mild hydronephrosis . 4 . small distal right ureteral stump . 
followup right hydronephrosis status post stent removal stent removal 1/2/01 . decrease in right hydronephrosis . 
followup solitary kidney . 1 . stable appearance of the solitary right kidney right kidney with moderate hydronephrosis . parenchymal cysts unchanged . 2 . stable appearance of the augment urinary bladder . 
history of urogenital sinus urogenital sinus , cloacal variant , multiple utis , followup . new bilateral left great than right hydronephrosis with a persistent fluid fill ureter see on the right . the urinary bladder              unchanged echogenic small focus within the lower pole the right kidney right kidney which may represent a small stone or small focus of fat . 
bilateral pyeloplasty 's . 1 .             2 . interval increase in length of left kidney left kidney , and slight decrease in length of right kidney right kidney . the difference are likely technical given the otherwise similar appearance of both kidney and short time interval . 
prenatal hydronephrosis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
history of bilateral hydronephrosis bilateral hydronephrosis . previous examination january 2 , 2001 . comparison prior to clinic visit . bilateral hydronephrosis bilateral hydronephrosis , unchanged in degree since the prior exam of january 2 , 2001 . 
year - old with bilateral hydroureteronephrosis most likely relate to megaureters . interval growth of the kidney . moderately distend ureter bilaterally are unchanged though there is slight improvement in the moderate right and mild to moderate left intrarenal collecting system distention . 
followup hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 1 . small echogenic right kidney right kidney with interval resolution of hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 2 . left kidney left kidney remains upper limit of normal in size . 
followup prenatal hydronephrosis . 1 . improvement with residual mild prominence of the right renal pelvis right renal pelvis . 2 .         
hydronephrosis . followup . interval growth in both kidney .          
followup bilateral hydronephrosis bilateral hydronephrosis . 1 . interval decrease in bilateral hydronephrosis bilateral hydronephrosis since 1/2/01 . 2 . interval growth of kidney . 
hydronephrosis . borderline right mild hydronephrosis . 
year - old girl with history of deflux methods . the patients then present with gross hematuria to the emergency department .          
month - old female with right ureteral stent removal stent removal . history of right mid ureteral constriction, pathologic status post resection and reanastomosis of the right ureter right ureter . dysplastic right kidney right kidney status post ureteroureterostomy and stent placement stent placement in january 2001 . 1 . status post right ureteral stent removal stent removal .          2 .                3 . interval growth of normal left kidney left kidney . 4 . stable hyperechoic lesion at inferior aspect of left liver margin consistent with hemangioma . 
month - old male with possible hydronephrosis . possible patients or family history of family history of renal cyst renal cyst . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
9 month day - old female with history of left ureteropelvic junction ureteropelvic junction obstruction . patients ha history of ureterostomy . this is follow up follow up examination for left - side hydronephrosis . 1 . normal interval growth . 2 . stable appearance to left ureterostomy . 3 .     see . 
day - old male with clinical prenatal history of bilateral hydronephrosis bilateral hydronephrosis . research report by the patients 's mothers , on prenatal imaging the right hydronephrosis was worse than on the left . 1 . severe left and mild right hydronephrosis .      were demonstrate . differential consideration would include obstruction at the level of the up junction , on the left , and improve mild obstruction at the right up junction on the right versus right vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 
history of bilateral ureteral replantation . follow hydronephrosis . comparison is make to study date 1/2/01 and 1/2/01 . 1 . mild right hydronephrosis , slightly improve . 2 . interval growth of both kidney . 
hydronephrosis , megaureter . left ureteral replantation . comparison is make to study date 1/2/01 . 1 . improve hydronephrosis bilaterally . 2 . decrease size of the left kidney left kidney . 
this is an year , month - old male with history of cloacal exstrophy cloacal exstrophy and previous mild right - side hydronephrosis . this is a followup . 1 .              2 . the right kidney right kidney remains stable in appearance with mild hydronephrosis and focal cicatrix involve the mid and lower pole . 3 . normal appearing left kidney left kidney . 
nine - year male with left - side chest pain chest pain . pain is reportedly localize above and inferior to the nipples and lateral to the nipples at time . by research report , this increase with activity . normal thorax radiograph .        
chest pain chest pain .           
14 year old female with chest pain chest pain in the left lower ribs .         
year month - old female with chest pain chest pain . normal thorax . 
chest pain chest pain while running . normal exam . 
13 year old with chest pain chest pain over the sternum . the lung are well - expand and clear . there is       . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .    are appreciate . note that thorax radiographic technique is insufficient for detail evaluation studies as topic of the sternal bone and bones . if pain persist in this region , consider dedicate sternal motion pictures as topic for additional evaluation studies as topic . 
chest pain chest pain and tightening with heart racing . normal thorax . 
left lower chest lower chest pain . rule - out pneumonia . normal thorax . 
year - old boy with chest pain chest pain . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
pain in ribs area , right anterior mid thorax near sternum . the ribs and region of the sternum normal on plain image . a in january 2001 , tenting of the mid - right diaphragm and the right heart contour . spleen normal in this patients say to have a history of hodgkin disease hodgkin disease . 
year - old female with chest pain chest pain . normal thorax radiograph . 
13 year old with chest pain chest pain .         
this is an year - old female with history of pain on inspiration , right thorax . rule out pneumothorax . normal exam . 
ten year old with chest pain chest pain x two week . the lung are well expand and clear . there is        . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .    are appreciate . there is        to explain chest pain chest pain . 
year - old female with chest pain chest pain and swelling in the anterior third and fourth rib fourth rib ha be hit by a basketball . normal thorax radiograph . 
chest pain chest pain , left side hit on coffee table . normal . 
chest pain chest pain with deep breath .                
year month - old male with chest pain chest pain .      
fell at schools . chest pain chest pain .       lung clear . 
chest pain chest pain . normal thorax study . 
year - old female with right upper chest pain upper chest pain . 1 .     see . 2 .      demonstrate . 
year - old male with right lateral and anterior chest pain chest pain after fall on a chair in schools . normal thorax . 
chest pain chest pain , upper area . normal thorax . 
year - old with chest pain chest pain .     
chest pain chest pain . segmentation abnormality of the mid thoracic spine thoracic spine . resultant scoliosis . 
14 year old with history of asthma history of asthma . complain of chest pain chest pain .      
chronic chest pain chronic chest pain . mid thoracic curvature , possibly positional . otherwise normal thorax . 
right - side chest pain chest pain for 1 1/2 week . normal thorax . 
chest pain chest pain . elbow in ribs at basketball practice with pain in the anterior axillary line anterior axillary line on the left side . normal thorax radiograph . 
year - old with recurrent left - side chest pain chest pain . negative thorax . 
sickle cell sickle cell with acute chest pain acute chest pain . persistent low lung volume lung volume with improve bibasilar air space disease . bony change are consistent with history of anemia, sickle cell sickle cell disease . 
this is an 18 year old female with history of left chest pain chest pain .    detect . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . followup . 1 .                 
followup in a patients with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . stable appearing renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . the previously describe punctate echogenic focus within the left lower pole are stable . it is uncertain whether these are fat , vessel , or tiny calculi . in any case , they are unchanged .    interval growth of both kidney . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
13 year 5 month old female with history of urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . this is a followup examination . stable sonographic evaluation studies as topic of the kidney in a patients with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 
this is a year - old male with a history of a urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . the patients ha a mitrofanoff . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
this is an year - old male with a history of spinal dysraphism spina bifida and urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . patients ha have bladder augmentation bladder augmentation surgery and ha a mitrofanoff . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
followup on a patients with a urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . normal study with interval growth . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . followup . small renal size for the patients 's age . however , there ha be slight interval growth in the size of the kidney bilaterally and the patients is know to have small kidney small kidney . otherwise , unremarkable renal ultrasound renal ultrasound .        
this patients ha know urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . the kidney now appear normal . the patients is postoperative bladder augmentation bladder augmentation and the expect finding of debris and irregularity of the wall are apparent . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder , follow up follow up .                           following catheterization there is     . 
this is an year - old patients for routine followup and ha a history of urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . stable normal appearing , growing kidney bilaterally . 
this is a year - old patients who have a history of urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . the patients apparently have a brain injuries brain injury . 1 . normal examination of the kidney . 2 . normal urinary bladder and bladder function bladder function . 
followup on a year - old with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder status post augmentation .              
follow up follow up urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder .        
spinal dysraphism spina bifida , urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder , for routine followup . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder status post final cord wounds and injuries . interval growth of the kidney . however , when the urinary bladder was distend there is new bilateral pelvicaliceal dilatation and ureteral dilatation . this could suggest the presence of reflux . the patients is to have a cystogram following the current renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year , month - old male with spinal dysraphism spina bifida and urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . normal kidney and urinary bladder ultrasound . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . resolution of right hydronephrosis . 
meningomyelocele , urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder , spine bifid . improvement of the left lower pole collecting system dilatation . normal interval growth of the kidney .     
follow up follow up on patients with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder and utis . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
this is an almost year - old female with history of spinal dysraphism spina bifida and urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 1 .               2 . finding consistent with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . know previous hydronephrosis and hydroureter on the right . 1 . essentially normal left kidney left kidney , which is upper normal for size . 2 . small echogenic right kidney right kidney with thin parenchyma , stable . 
year - old male with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 1 . 1.1 x 0.8 x 1.0 cm ill - define echogenic focus within the right kidney right kidney upper pole , which appear stable in comparison to the examination date 1/2/01 . this area is of unknown etiology and significance . nephrology referral and consultation should be consider . further imaging should be base on this evaluation studies as topic . 2 . normal sonographic appearance of the left kidney left kidney and urinary bladder . 
follow up follow up exam for year - old male with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 2 . irregular , trabeculated bladder trabeculated bladder . 
year , month - old female with history of urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder , bladder augmentation bladder augmentation and mitrofanoff . 1 .       which         2 . probable stable left upper pole cortical cicatrix . 3 .    
history of a urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder with renal cicatrix . this is a followup study . cicatrix of both kidney more mark on the left than the right . urothelial thickening in the right kidney right kidney . 
spinal dysraphism spina bifida and urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder dysfunction . satisfactory renal growth . urinary bladder trabeculations compatible with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder dysfunction . 
spinal dysraphism spina bifida . urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . routine followup . to normal kidney demonstrate normal interval growth .    
9 year month - old with a history of epispadias repair epispadias repair and urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
year - old female with history of urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder and meningomyelocele for routine followup . the patients reportedly ha a cystostomy . limited study with grossly normal appearing kidney . 
enuresis . normal interval growth . 
incomplete bladder emptying incomplete bladder emptying enuresis . 1 . interval growth of both the kidney . 2 . the urinary bladder wall is mildly irregular . 
year - old male with history of enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year - old male with enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
9 year old female with history of urinary incontinence urinary incontinence . the patients ha have prior urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 2 . the urinary bladder urinary bladder is displace anteriorly by a fluid fill structure in the pelvis thought to be a distend vagina .    the vagina    the urinary bladder          the retain fluid in the vagina may account for the patients 's symptom of incontinence . 
year - old female with enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
10 year month - old male with enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
enuresis . likely artificial echogenic focus within the central portion of the left kidney left kidney , otherwise normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
day and night enuresis . 1 . symmetric enlargement of both kidney , otherwise normal sonographic appearance . 2 . small post void residual . 
year - old female with anuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
enuresis . 1 . normal kidney . 2 . urinary bladder wall thickening , clinical correlation recommend to exclude infection or urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 
incontinence . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year - old female with enuresis . 1 . large postvoid residual with questionable thickening of the urinary bladder suggest bladder dysfunction bladder dysfunction . 
13-1/2 - year - old nighttime anuresis and intermittent daytime enuresis daytime enuresis . mothers research report that the patients is sometimes dry for several night in a row . upper normal asymmetry in renal size . the right doe                 this         otherwise normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year - old male with day and night enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
this is a year - old female patients with nighttime enuresis since january of this year . the patients complain of burning and redness in the perineum . 1 . this is a normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
7-1/2 - year - old with history of urinary bladder exstrophy , hernia, umbilical , and incontinence . follow up follow up . comparison is make with 1/2/01 . 1 . small echogenic focus within the lower pole right kidney right kidney , which could represent a calculi . the   focus within the mid pole of the right kidney right kidney         2 . otherwise , normal kidney bilaterally with interval growth . 
day and night time enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
urinary incontinence urinary incontinence , daytime enuresis daytime enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder , was small postvoid residual . 
enuresis , urinary incontinence urinary incontinence . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
secondary enuresis secondary enuresis . 1 . small kidney small kidney for age . however , the patients 's height is a 134 cm in the patients 's weight is 28.6 kilogram which result in a kidney size is normal for the patients 's size . 
month - old female with history of incontinence . comparison make to ultrasound examination from 1/2/01 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
voiding dysfunction voiding dysfunction . previous history of patent urachus patent urachus which was surgically repair . apart from the slight rotation of both kidney the study is normal . 
enuresis . the kidney have demonstrate interval renal growth , are normal in size for age , and demonstrate normal imaging characteristic . 
urinary incontinence urinary incontinence . essentially normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound for age . small to moderate postvoid residual . 
nocturnal enuresis nocturnal enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
this is a year month - old male with gross hematuria detect at the end of urination on monday . the patients is asymptomatic . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
this patients present with hematuria . 1 . asymmetry of renal size .   the kidney         both kidney             2 . there is           .        
year - old female with hematuria . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 2 . minimal free fluid free fluid in pelvis , likely physiologic . 
hematuria . normal kidney , each measuring 7.7 cm in length . 
this is an 8 year old male with history of microscopic hematuria microscopic hematuria . mild right pyelectasis , otherwise normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
5 year old female with hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year - old male with recent onset of gross hematuria . history of nocturnal enuresis . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound , include the urinary bladder . 
year - old note to have microscopic hematuria microscopic hematuria on routine sports physical . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound , include the urinary bladder . 
almost year - old male with intermittent , gross hematuria since 1/2/01 . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 2 . minimal urinary bladder debris . 
microscopic hematuria microscopic hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
this patients have hematuria . patients recently have trauma to the right side of the abdomen . normal renal and urinary bladder sonography . 
flank pain left flank pain and hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
hematuria . evaluate for stone . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
pituitary and hematuria . evaluate . 1 . bilateral enlarge kidney the cause of which in view of the patients 's clinical history could be relate to glomerulonephritis .         
        interval growth of normal appearing kidney , duplicate right kidney right kidney ; normal urinary bladder . 
day - old male with hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year - old female with hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
hematuria . urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
microscopic hematuria microscopic hematuria . normal exam . renal length are normal for the patients 's height . 
history of flank pain left flank pain and hematuria at the beginning of this month , when a ct scan demonstrate a nonobstructive calculi at the left ureterovesical junction . this is a followup study . the patients is currently asymptomatic . great than 1 cm difference in the size of the kidney . the small right kidney right kidney is normal for the patients 's age , while the left kidney left kidney is large for the patients 's age . appearance of the left kidney  kidney     i               i feel that this kidney is a normal kidney which may be partially duplicate . 
8 year month - old with dysuria and hematuria .       mild postvoid urinary bladder residual . otherwise normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
gross hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
hematuria . the kidney are normal in size for age and demonstrate normal imaging characteristic . 
seven month old with wheeze , congestion . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
nine year old with wheeze and secretion . interval clearing of bilateral air space disease since 1/2/01 and 1/2/01 . essentially normal thorax . 
wheeze . normal heart and lung with minimal peribronchial thickening consistent with asthmatic bronchitis asthmatic bronchitis . 
wheeze since parturition .    see . 
four month old with wheeze . pneumonia versus bronchiolitis . patchy opacity in the right upper lung zone , consistent with air space disease in the right upper lobe . infiltrate versus pulmonary atelectasis . 
this is a three - year male with a history of recurrent wheeze , status post pneumonia three week ago -lrb- clinical -rrb- . rule out pneumonia . mild hyperinflation of both lung with a very small mediastinal emphysema which is consistent with the patients 's history of wheeze . this was call to the pulmonologist fellow - on call at the time of the dictation . 
recurrent wheeze . normal thorax . 
wheeze . clear lung . 
month - old male with wheeze . normal thorax radiograph . 
wheeze .        
two - year seven - month female with wheeze .              
month - old male with wheeze .         
month - old male with wheeze . normal thorax radiograph . 
patients with wheeze . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
six - month male with wheeze . 1 .          2 . trachea       the aorta, thoracic aortic arch and the descend aorta, thoracic thoracic aorta                                       
wheeze for two week .    clear lung . hyperinflation may be relate to hyperreactive airway disease hyperreactive airway disease . 
wheeze . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease .      
                    
wheeze . reactive airway picture of the thorax with more focal air space disease / pulmonary atelectasis medial right lung right lung base and lingula . 
month - old female with upper respiratory symptom respiratory symptom for three month , wheeze . 1 . increase in perihilar interstitial marking with associate peribronchial cuff , consistent with viral v reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 2 .     
wheeze . the examination is negative . 
year month - old male with history of wheeze . evaluate for abnormality of the thorax .    
year - old female with wheeze .      
noisy breathing noisy breathing and wheeze / . normal two view of the thorax . 
this is a year - old female with a prior history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection . normal followup ultrasound of the kidney with interval growth . 
year - old female with one episode of febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection in the past . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound study include the urinary bladder . 
follow up follow up patients with uti 's and reflux .         
this patients have a history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection . normal renal and urinary bladder sonography . 
this is a 1 year 10 month old female with history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection . evaluate for cause of uti . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year - old female with a history of uti . normal exam . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection approximately 6 week ago . the patients was febrile . normal urinary bladder and renal sonography . 
year - old with history of reflux and multiple urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
3 year month - old female with history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
2 year month - old female with 3 episode of utis in the past year . fever up to 103 degree . the most recent uti and was one month ago . 1 . significant renal size discrepancy with finding suggest right kidney right kidney cicatrix , a above . 2 . normal appearing left kidney left kidney . 3 . normal urinary bladder ultrasound . 
year - old female with 3 urinary tract infections urinary tract infection in the last 6 month . normal kidney with mild upper pole caliectasis see only in supine position and intermittent visualization of the distal right ureter right ureter . voiding cystogram volition be perform to exclude reflux . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection , 3 week ago . fever 101 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
2 urinary tract infections urinary tract infection in the past 6 month . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
      uti was 2-3 week ago . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound examination . 
year , month - old with history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . . 
patients with recent urinary tract infections urinary tract infection approximately two week ago . patients ha have one previous urinary tract infections urinary tract infection at approximately two year of age . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year - old female with multiple episode of urinary tract infections urinary tract infection , one of which was febrile . 1 . mildly thicken urinary bladder wall , which can be see with cystitis . correlate with clinical exam or laboratories finding . 2 . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
multiple urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
5 month old with hydronephrosis , followup examination . moderate pelvic dilatation and mild calyceal dilatation of the right kidney right kidney with urothelial thickening , improve compare with the prior study . 
followup hydronephrosis . 1 . interval growth of both kidney , with persistent size discrepancy of great than 1 cm . 2 . mild left pyelectasis with associate urothelial thickening . the degree of distention of the left pelvis ha decrease since the prior study however . 
history of hydronephrosis and kidney calculi renal calculus . 1 . persistent bilateral mild pyelectasis . 2 . interval increase in size increase in size of right upper pole kidney calculi renal calculus with new mid to lower pole right kidney calculi renal calculus . growth of left mid pole calculi . 
abnormal prenatal ultrasound with hydronephrosis . bilateral pyelectasis , minimal on the right and mild to moderate on the left . the left kidney left kidney size is at the upper limit of normal . 
followup left hydronephrosis . 1 . stable sonographic appearance of the normal right kidney right kidney with minimal central pyelectasis . 2 . interval growth of left kidney left kidney with stable moderate left hydronephrosis and dilate ureter . 
year - old with history of left ureterocele and left mild hydronephrosis . . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . the minimal left pyelocaliectasis is unchanged . 2 . residual minimal soft tissue soft tissue in region of previous left ureterocele . 
infant, newborn with prenatal diagnosis of hydronephrosis . side    1 . left renal pyelectasis with a urothelial thickening . otherwise normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
right hydronephrosis . persistent right - side pyelectasis or hydronephrosis . 
almost month - old female with prenatal diagnosis of left hydronephrosis . follow up follow up exam . 1 . mild interval improvement in moderate left pyelectasis . 2 . normal right kidney right kidney . 3 . interval growth of bilateral kidney . 
left hydronephrosis . 1 . slightly decrease left hydronephrosis with persistent mild to moderate dilation of the kidney pelvis renal pelvis . a before , this would be concern for a ureteropelvic junction ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 2 . normal right kidney right kidney with growth . 
year , month - old male with history of left hydronephrosis . 1 . stable moderate left caliectasis compare with january 2001 . 2 . minimal interval renal growth bilaterally . 
day - old being evaluate for prenatal unilateral hydronephrosis .              otherwise normal appearance normal appearance of infant, newborn kidney . 
follow up follow up right renal duplication and hydronephrosis . minimal residual lower pole pyelectasis in the duplex right kidney right kidney . 
hydronephrosis status post pyeloplasty . 1 . mild residual intrarenal dilatation of the left kidney left kidney with residual mild dilatation of the left renal pelvis left renal pelvis . 
prenatal hydronephrosis on the right . slight asymmetry of renal size with the left being large . the patients may have left duplication . there is very mild left dilatation of the collecting system with urothelial thickening . this could be secondary to vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . the right kidney right kidney appear normal . 
prenatal hydronephrosis followup . 1 . mild / moderate right hydronephrosis . 2 . minimal left hydronephrosis . 3 . bilateral ureterocele with dilation of both distal ureter . 
9 year old with a positive ppd positive ppd . normal thorax radiograph . 
positive ppd positive ppd .        
reactive ppd . normal thorax radiograph . 
month - old female with positive ppd positive ppd . normal thorax radiograph . 
positive ppd positive ppd .       
positive ppd positive ppd after bcg . asymptomatic , negative history . normal outside motion pictures as topic . 
year - old with positive ppd positive ppd .            
this is a year month - old male who ha be a know positive reaction to ppd since 2001 .      ha patients    
know positive reactor in 2001 . chest clear chest clear . 
adopt positive ppd positive ppd . suspect possible hilar adenopathy with left lower lobe air space disease . this is nonspecific for tuberculosis but must be consider . correlation with sputum may be worthwhile . finding were discuss with denise rankin 's office 1/2/01 . 
positive ppd positive ppd . normal heart size with clear lung .        
positive ppd positive ppd . 1 .        
tb or positive ppd positive ppd , evaluate for tb . 1 . clear lung . 
year - old with positive ppd positive ppd . right upper lobe linear density is favor to represent subsegmental pulmonary atelectasis over early infiltrate . followup motion pictures as topic may be consider . 
year - old female with positive ppd positive ppd .      
previous positive ppd positive ppd . the examination is negative . 
three - year male with reactive airway disease reactive airway disease and increase breath sound on the right . 1 .        2 . reactive airway disease reactive airway disease , likely viral in etiology . presume subtle area of right middle lobe pulmonary atelectasis . 
cough , asthma . 1 . hyperinflated lung consistent with the patients 's history of asthma history of asthma . 2 .    is evident . 
left bilateral prominent asthma . stable thorax . 
asthma , bronchiectasis and increase wheeze and chest tightness chest tightness for the last four day . the lung                   
chest pain chest pain asthma .        
year - old male with asthma and cough over several week . normal thorax . 
asthma , cough , recurrent infection . clear thorax . questionable mm lucent lesion right posterior fifth rib fifth rib . please see above discussion . 
year month - old male with reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . thorax radiograph within normal limit a above .               
five - year female with cough and fever . reactive airway disease reactive airway disease , possibly a viral etiology .        
asthma . radiographically normal thorax . 
cough for two week , possible pneumonia .         
reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . wheeze . normal thorax radiograph . 
month - old with asthma .          
reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . thorax within normal limit . 
year - old girl with asthma . normal thorax radiograph . 
cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis . thorax within normal limit . 
yearly checkup for cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis . in the interval , there ha be minimal change in the appearance of the thorax . there is mild perihilar , peribronchial thickening . however ,    have develop . cardiac and mediastinal silhouette remains normal .    are see . 
cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis yearly exam . stomach is greatly dilate with gas and fluid . however , the heart and lung appear normal . 
cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis . low lung volume lung volume ; otherwise , clear thorax . 
nine - year female with cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis , yearly followup . rule out new infiltrate . minimal new change in the right lower lobe . finding consistent with cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis . 
year - old with cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis for yearly evaluation studies as topic . stable to slightly less apparent change with mild know cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis . 
year month - old male with know cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis , yearly evaluation studies as topic is request . 1 . mild increase in the interstitial thickening within the left upper lobe and lung base bilaterally with otherwise stable thorax radiograph . 
cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis with increase cough and sinus symptom . the moderate streaky plus peribronchial change from cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis in the lung are unchanged         is see . 
cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis .      
cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis . yearly followup .              
year - old with cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis .      
cf yearly evaluation studies as topic . essentially normal thorax radiograph . 
this is a year - old female with cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis . this is a yearly evaluation studies as topic . very mild peribronchial cuff consistent with patients 's know history of cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis . this                     
year - old with cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis , yearly evaluation studies as topic .         
cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis , anniversary visit . spleen appear small . the patients 's diffuse peribronchial thickening see 1/2/01 is similar in extent . heart remains normal . 
three - year female with chronic cough chronic cough . 1 . small band of pulmonary atelectasis in the left lower lobe . 2 . otherwise clear lung . 
cough . pulmonary atelectasis at the right lung right lung base with associate hyperinflation , most likely represent viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
right middle lobe collapse . persistent partial right middle lobe collapse , although improve . 
fever and cough . area of plate - like pulmonary atelectasis in the right middle lobe .     is see . 
cough . band - like area of pulmonary atelectasis in the right lower lobe .        
this                 finding consistent with viral v reactive airway disease reactive airway disease with subsegmental pulmonary atelectasis in the right lower lobe .       
year - old female with cough and concern for pneumonia . finding most likely represent reactive airway disease reactive airway disease or viral infection viral infection with left lower lobe subsegmental pulmonary atelectasis . 
cough . right middle lobe subsegmental pulmonary atelectasis . otherwise clear lung . 
on january nd , the patients have a plate - like area of pulmonary atelectasis in the left lower lobe . this is a follow up follow up image . normal thorax . 
nine - month female , status post heart arrest cardiac arrest . persistent pulmonary opacity with increase pulmonary atelectasis of the left upper lobe . tube and line a discuss above . 
cough . mild hyperinflation , left lower lobe subsegmental pulmonary atelectasis . 
muscular atrophy, spinal spinal muscular atrophy with long standing but variable right upper lobe pulmonary atelectasis . increase right upper lobe pulmonary atelectasis in a patients who ha have waxing and waning right upper lobe pulmonary atelectasis on multiple prior examination .              which        this could represent a new area of pulmonary atelectasis or an area of pneumonia . 
cough and wheeze . possible early pneumonia involve the lingula and possibly the right middle lobe . 
cough and wheeze . finding most consistent with tracheomalacia . 
five year old with all , present with cough , congestion and wheeze . 1 .       2 . interval resolution of previously describe left lower lobe opacity . 
year - old female with cough and wheeze for several week . evaluate for abnormality . probable band of pulmonary atelectasis see on lateral view only .    
cough and wheeze .      
cough and wheeze .    heart normal . 
month - old girl with cough and wheeze . 1 . mild peribronchial thickening suggestive of reactive airway disease reactive airway disease versus viral infection viral infection . 2 .        
coughing , wheeze and stuffy head . the lung are clear . 
month - old with chronic cough chronic cough and wheeze . the lung are well expand and clear . there is   . the perihilar marking are within normal limit . there is        . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .    are see . 
year - old male with cough and wheeze that ha get worse since the weekend . bibasilar opacity and right upper lobe opacity . these could represent either pulmonary atelectasis or pneumonia but given the bilaterality and the age mycoplasma a well a other atypical pneumonia atypical pneumonia should be include in the diagnosis, differential differential diagnosis . 
year - old female with cough and wheeze . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
this is a 2 year 2 month old female with history of wheeze and cough for two week . normal chest x-ray chest x-ray . 
month - old male with hemihypertrophy . abdominal ultrasound normal abdominal ultrasound . please see renal ultrasound renal ultrasound of same day for discussion of kidney . renal ultrasound renal ultrasound normal sonographic appearance of both kidney , however there ha be asymmetric growth with the left large than right . there are              . 
year - old female with beckwith wiedemann syndrome is refer for follow up follow up .          both kidney                
williams syndrome williams syndrome . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
beckwith wiedemann syndrome . normal kidney . 
month - old female with williams syndrome williams syndrome . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound , include the urinary bladder . 
beckwith wiedemann syndrome , evaluate for possible neoplasms .                  
beckwith wiedemann syndrome .       
beckwith - wiedemann syndrome . normal interval growth in normal appearing kidney . 
year , month - old with hemihypertrophy . follow up follow up examination . abdomen : normal abdominal ultrasound . kidney : normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound .      
beckwith wiedemann syndrome . evaluate for mass . 1 .       which             
hemihypertrophy . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
this is a patients with meningomyelocele and urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound in a patients with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder with meningomyelocele repair . patients is 10 month old . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
meningomyelocele urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . minimal pyelectasis , stable to improve when compare to the previous study . similar size kidney with interval growth of right kidney right kidney , left kidney left kidney measure similarly . 
this patients ha know meningomyelocele and spinal dysraphism spina bifida with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . stable appearance of the kidney and urinary bladder in this patients with know urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . little growth ha occur however the last exam was do only 3 month previously . mild dilatation of the intrarenal pelvis is see on the left . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder , spinal dysraphism spina bifida , followup . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
this is a year - old female with history of meningomyelocele and urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . this is a followup . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 
history of meningomyelocele and urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . patients ha a cystostomy . 1 . there ha be minimal if any interval growth of the kidney . both kidney are within 2 standard deviation of normal for age . 2 . there is   . 
followup on a spinal dysraphism spina bifida patients with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . normal study with interval growth . 
year - old now with history of urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder and tether cord .      
year , month - old male with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 1 . meningomyelocele with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 2 . normal appearing kidney with interval growth . 
year - old for routine followup of renal growth . patients ha meningomyelocele , urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder , status post bladder augmentation bladder augmentation , on clean intermittent catheterization . 1 .               2 . new left upper pole cortical cysts , a describe above .         3 . echogenic focus within the urinary bladder lumen . interval resolution / removal of the dependent , shadowing urinary bladder calculi bladder stone . 4 . enlarge left ovary left ovary contain both a simple anechoic cysts and echogenic area suggest hemorrhagic cyst hemorrhagic cyst . neither area in the left ovary left ovary exceed 3 cm in diameter , the threshold for a followup ultrasound scan ultrasound scan . 
year - old with history of bilateral ureteral replantation . 1 . minimal growth of the kidney compare to last study . the left kidney left kidney is great than the right kidney right kidney size likely relate to moderate pyelectasis . the pelvicaliceal dilatation ha slightly increase bilaterally . 2 . new dilatation of the distal ureter . recommend clinical correlation and possible further urologic evaluation studies as topic . 
this is a year - old female status post deflux methods . this is her second followup ultrasound after the methods . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . 2 . stable mild left lower pole pyelectasis in patients with left duplex kidney duplex kidney . 3 . normal - appearing right kidney right kidney . 
followup left pyeloplasty . stable sonographic appearance of the kidney with mild to moderate right and moderate left pyelectasis compatible with residual dilatation, pathologic . 
this patients ha have surgery in the left kidney left kidney for ureteropelvic junction ureteropelvic junction obstruction . the patients have prior placement of this stents which was subsequently remove . intermittently , the patients ha severe episode of left abdominal pain abdominal pain and despite pain therapy , and pain management pain management , his behavior is abnormal and he cry of pain . 1 . normal right kidney right kidney . 2 . mild pyelectasis , which appear slightly improve over the past several examination . these result were convey to the parent . 
day - old male with mild pyelectasis . 1 . prominent renal pelvis prominent renal pelvis bilaterally with mild calyceal dilatation . 2 . distal ureteral dilatation bilaterally . 3 . dilation vary over time suggest that reflux is more likely than obstruction . 
status post pyeloplasty of the right kidney right kidney . this is a follow up follow up study . stable mild right pelvicaliceal dilatation and mild left pyelectasis . symmetric interval growth of both kidney . 
this is a month - old male patients with history of left - side ureteropelvic junction ureteropelvic junction obstruction detect in utero . 1 . mark pyelectasis of the left kidney left kidney , unchanged from the prior study . 2 . minimal dilatation of the right renal pelvis right renal pelvis , unchanged from the prior exam . 
this patients is familiar a i do her previous ultrasound from january 2 , 2001 . the patients is postoperative bilateral stent placement stent placement from january 2 , 2001 . the right kidney right kidney ha stable intrarenal dilatation of the collecting system following stent placement stent placement . on the left , the patients ha moderate intrarenal dilatation of the collecting system which ha increase since the exam of january 2 . however , the clot appear less obvious and is small . recommendation on next imaging : the prone imaging is the most valuable for assess this patients . recommend prone imaging be obtain . at the next exam , assess the urinary bladder which also be informative to u to determine the size of the clot , stents position , and also ureteral dilatation . the result of the study were discuss with the mothers . 
four day of abdominal pain abdominal pain . the stomach is quite full of food and fluid . it is just after lunch time . the colon ha moderate stool . otherwise normal . 
       normal thorax . 
abdominal pain abdominal pain , nonspecific . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
year - old male with history of urethral cyst urethral cyst . abdominal pain abdominal pain . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
abdominal pain abdominal pain . chest clear chest clear , heart normal . 
right side flank pain flank pain , evaluate for renal stone renal stone . 1 . essentially unremarkable renal sonogram . 
flank pain flank pain . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
this patients ha intermittent acute abdominal pain acute abdominal pain . most recently , the patients have an ultrasound do yesterday to exclude intussusception . there was     . in addition , the patients have a renal ultrasound renal ultrasound do 5 day previously which was normal . normal abdominal ultrasound . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . an underlie cause for the patients 's clinical symptom     
year - old female to evaluate for renal parenchymal calcification or calculi . the previously perform ct of the thoracic spine thoracic spine was suspicious for hyperdense area in the kidney which could represent calcification . normal ultrasound study of kidney and urinary bladder urinary bladder . 
kidney calculi renal calculus . stable calculi in the lower pole of the left kidney left kidney . 
reevaluate for renal stone renal stone . two new kidney calculi renal calculus are now identify in the upper pole of the right and left kidney . 
this is a 16 year 7 month old female with a history of renal calculus history of renal calculus in the right kidney right kidney . examination is compare with the study from 1/2/01 . 1 .                    2 . normal appearing left kidney left kidney . 
follow up follow up of right kidney calculi renal calculus .          hyperechoic focus in the mid pole of the right kidney right kidney with some shadowing , is likely the stone see previously . 
renal stone renal stone . bilateral nonobstructing renal stone renal stone . 
this is a year - old female with history of the suspect right kidney calculi renal calculus discover on a routine renal ultrasound renal ultrasound at 1 year of age . stable appearance of 2 renal stone renal stone in the lower pole of the right kidney right kidney . 
urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . followup hydronephrosis . history of posterior urethral valve posterior urethral valve . 1 . right hydronephrosis , slightly decrease . hydroureter , stable . 2 . small cicatrix left kidney left kidney with slightly increase left           left renal pelvis . 3 . trabeculated bladder trabeculated bladder . 4 .          
month day - old male with duplex left kidney left kidney with hydronephrosis and hydroureter of the upper pole moiety . 1 . duplex kidney duplex kidney on the left side with at least moderate hydronephrosis and hydroureter of the upper pole moiety with upper pole parenchymal thinning , unchanged from previous study . there ha be interval growth of the left kidney left kidney . 2 . normal - appearing right kidney right kidney with interval growth . 
megaureter hydronephrosis . borderline size discrepancy of kidney , left measure large than right . transient mild distal hydroureter , left great than right , especially note in the urinary bladder is fill . this           
followup right megaureter . hydronephrosis . 1 . interval improvement in right - side hydronephrosis , now mild . moderate right hydroureter remains stable . interval renal growth . otherwise stable study . 
day - old female with prenatal history of right - side hydronephrosis . 1 . moderate right hydronephrosis and proximal hydroureter with the appearance of u p j obstruction . 2 . renal size discrepancy due to hydronephrotic right kidney right kidney . 3 . urothelial thickening on the left . 
5 year - old female status post right deflux methods and present with right hydronephrosis and infection . improve appearance of the right kidney right kidney with resolution of hydronephrosis and decrease size of the hydroureter . 
reflux . normal interval growth of the kidney bilaterally . very minimal pyelectasis on the left which ha improve since previous examination . 
history of right - side hydronephrosis , with tortuous right hydroureter and left - side vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval mark improvement in appearance of the right kidney right kidney with resolution of mark hydronephrosis and hydroureter . there is residual mild lower pole caliectasis of the right kidney right kidney . 2 . normal left kidney left kidney . 
year - old female with history of bilateral grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . small right kidney right kidney with urothelial thickening and pyelectasis . 2 . normal size left kidney left kidney with mild pyelectasis and urothelial thickening . 3 . mild urinary bladder wall mucosal irregularity . 
followup in the patients with bilateral grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . prior ultrasound and cystogram suggest a duplicate collecting system on the left . stable mild left lower pole pyelectasis . otherwise normal sonographic appearance of the kidney . 
deflux injections prior reflux . 1 . normal right kidney right kidney      2 . minimal pyelectasis of the left kidney left kidney and urothelial thickening unchanged . 
followup bilateral reflux . bilateral growth of normal size kidney .         
fused kidney horseshoe kidney . interval growth of fused kidney horseshoe kidney . 
routine followup in a patients with history of left - side duplicate kidney and replantation surgery . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . left kidney left kidney is duplicate . 
8 year - old with left renal collecting system duplication initially see on magnetic resonance imaging of the lumbar spine lumbar spine and confirm on previous sonography now for routine followup . interval growth of both kidney no change           
patients with fused kidney horseshoe kidney . followup study . fused kidney horseshoe kidney with interval growth of both moiety     each renal moiety measure low end of normal but measurement may be inaccurate due to nonconventional lie of kidney . 
horseshoe or pelvic kidney pelvic kidney , ureteral abnormality . status post bladder augmentation bladder augmentation . 1 . interval growth of both pelvic kidney pelvic kidney . on today 's examination however there is mild dilatation of the right pelvic calyceal system and minimal increase in the dilatation of the left pelvic calyceal system . 2 . status post bladder augmentation bladder augmentation with irregular urinary bladder wall . 
this is a month day - old female with a history of prenatal hydronephrosis and left grade v grade v vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . 2 . decompression of both renal collecting system , with only minimal calyceal distention on today 's exam . 
591 hydronephrosis . grade 4 vesicoureteric reflux vesicoureteric reflux on left . the possibility      the ureterocele              
hydronephrosis reflux . 1 .                        
1 year old with history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux , left side hydronephrosis on prenatal ultrasound . 1 . normal right kidney right kidney . 2 . mild left hydronephrosis due to know high grade reflux . both kidney show interval growth . 
year , month - old male with history of bilateral grade 5 grade 5 reflux . patients receive deflux surgery on the right in january 2001 and left ureterostomy with recent replantation on january 2001 . patients with history of multiple stent placement stent placement in the past . patients currently with left postoperative ureteric stent ureteric stent . 1 . mild to moderate left - side hydronephrosis which appear improve when compare to preoperative moderate to severe hydronephrosis see on january 2 , 2001 . 2 .          
year - old female status post amplatzer equipment and supplies placement in the heart present for followup . lung are clear . stable postoperative change with sternotomy wire and amplatzer equipment and supplies a describe above . 
status post bladder reconstruction bladder reconstruction . followup ultrasound . interval growth of normal - appearing kidney . 
status post left ureteral replantation . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
followup for ureteral replantation . stable normal appearing kidney . 
year - old with history of urinary bladder exstrophy , status post gastrocystoplasty and mitrofanoff . followup examination . comparison is make with 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
bilateral pyeloplasty for ureteropelvic junction ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 1 . interval growth of right kidney right kidney . mild to moderate right hydronephrosis . 2 . decrease size of left kidney left kidney . mild to moderate left hydronephrosis . 
history of left ureteropelvic junction ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 1 . minimal interval growth of normal appearing right kidney right kidney 2 .                
year , month - old male with history of right ureteropelvic junction ureteropelvic junction obstruction status post pyeloplasty on 1/2/01 . 1 . stable significant right hydronephrosis ; however , there ha be some decrease in the caliceal distention status post right pyeloplasty . 2 . normal left kidney left kidney . 
bilateral ureteropelvic junction ureteropelvic junction obstruction repair at different time . left ureteral stents with persistent left hydronephrosis . 1 . hydronephrosis of the left kidney left kidney with stents in place which is subtle great hydronephrosis than prior exam . there is improvement when patients void , but the hydronephrosis is still worse than prior exam . 
patients ha a history of meningomyelocele . some interval growth in two normal appearing kidney . 
38 month old male with history of spinal dysraphism spina bifida .    are available at this institution for comparison . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of both kidney . 2 . mild urinary bladder wall thickening with suggestion of trabeculation . multiple bladder diverticulum bladder diverticulum may give a similar appearance . 
patients ha history of meningomyelocele . this is a followup study . some interval growth of two normal kidney in a patients with know meningomyelocele . 
meningomyelocele patients for followup .         
cough , fever , wheeze . flatten diaphragm and peribronchial thickening consistent with asthmatic bronchitis asthmatic bronchitis . 
three - year female with cough and wheeze a well a fever . the patients ha be ill for two day . finding worrisome for right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia . 
this is a year - old male with a history of cough , wheeze and low grade fever low grade fever .      
2 year 3 month old female with fever and cough for three day with wheeze .   is see . however , there is peribronchial cuff and increase perihilar marking compatible with viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
followup on a 1-1/2 - year - old with caudal regression and urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . bilateral renal growth and mild bilateral hydronephrosis bilateral hydronephrosis which ha decrease on the left . 
year - old female with a left pelvic kidney pelvic kidney , urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder and severe reflux to the left kidney . left pelvic kidney pelvic kidney stable in the degree of hydronephrosis cause by vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux with urinary bladder filling . the urinary bladder is trabeculated and thicken compatible with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . 
meningomyelocele . urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . stable appearance of the kidney . cicatrix right kidney right kidney mild / moderate hydronephrosis . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . decrease hydronephrosis . stable kidney size . 
this patients ha history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection and bilateral grade ii grade ii vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . the patients have the infection in the spring of 04 . on daily basis , the patients is on bactrim therapy . the right kidney right kidney doe       there is     . intrinsically , the kidney appear normal . however , failure of growth of the kidney may reflect the patients ha recurrent infection , cicatrix or reflux . 
this                     the purpose of the study was to evaluate for renal growth a the patients previously was diagnose a have a cicatrix on the lower pole of the left kidney left kidney . by voiding cystourethrogram voiding cystourethrogram , the patients have grade ii grade ii left vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . renal cicatrix of the lower pole of the left kidney left kidney . a very small amount of interval growth ha occur since last exam . 
year month - old female with history of urinary tract infection history of urinary tract infection . patients have nuclear cystogram and was found to have left grade ii grade ii vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . last ultrasound of jan 27 , 2001 demonstrate little growth of the right kidney right kidney compare to the left , otherwise stable renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound with interval growth of the both kidney . 
year - old female with history of recurrent urinary tract infection recurrent urinary tract infection and right - side grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 1 .            2 . dependent debris within the urinary bladder urinary bladder . 
fever . tachypnea . 1 . bilateral peribronchial thickening suggestive of reactive airway disease reactive airway disease or pneumonia, viral viral pneumonia . 2 . right middle lobe pulmonary atelectasis versus pneumonia . 
pneumonia . increase right - side airspace disease , pulmonary atelectasis v pneumonia . 
cough , fever and vomiting . rule out infiltrate .    prominent shadow in middle mediastinum middle mediastinum likely represent confluence of pulmonary veins pulmonary vein , but is high in the mediastinum than expect . followup thorax xray would be helpful in 6 to 8 week . finding discuss with physicians on 1/2/01 . 
year - old male with a history of pyloroplasty present with cough and fever and vomiting . nonobstructive bowel gas pattern . 
almost one - year with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection , febrile . 1 . mild right pyelectasis with likely dilate distal ureter . 2 . normal left kidney left kidney . 
month - old female patients with a one febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection . 1 . minimal left - side pyelectasis see only on the supine image . 2 . the right and left kidney are normal in size for age . 
month - old female with cough . normal thorax with mild hypoventilation . 
year - old male with cough and sudden onset of sudden onset of dyspnea since yesterday .                      
year - old with hematuria and proteinuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
proteinuria and hematuria . 1 . under - distention of the urinary bladder urinary bladder ; the patients may be mildly dehydrate , given the history provide by the mothers . 2 .       are identify . 
year month - old female with history of vesicoureteral reflux history of vesicoureteral reflux . the patients ha know left renal duplication and possible right duplication . please evaluate kidney .             again note is a left renal duplication and possible right renal duplication . 
4 year 3 month old female with history of vesicoureteral reflux history of vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval growth of both kidney , with the left kidney left kidney growing more than the right .      see . 2 . prominent column of bertin or partial duplication of left kidney left kidney . 3 . normal urinary bladder ultrasound . 
one - year female with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder and spinal dysraphism spina bifida . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . stable mild right pyelectasis and minimal left pyelectasis . 2 . kidney continue to be small for age . 
followup on a patients with urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder .           abnormal corticomedullary differentiation suggest possible nephrocalcinosis . 
4 year month - old with afebrile uti . partial versus complete duplication of the left kidney left kidney . 
febrile uti . both kidney demonstrate partial or complete duplication . there are otherwise normal . a small residuum is see in the urinary bladder postvoid . 
day and night wetting . ha foster parent foster parent . urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal r .2 ; l .0 cm . 
enuresis and urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal . r = 9.2 ; l = 9.3 cm . 
year - old female with grade with grade 1/2 bilateral vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux determine on prior cystogram date january 2 , 2001 . recent uti at end of january , 2001 , with a fever of 104 ? f 1 . small , cicatrix right kidney right kidney , below more than 2 standard deviation in size for patients 's age . . 2 . mild compensatory hypertrophy compensatory hypertrophy of left kidney left kidney , with otherwise normal size and interval growth . 
6 year old with complex urogenital anomaly , 6 week post deflux injections for left - side vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . surgically absent right kidney right kidney . 2 . interval growth of remain left kidney left kidney , length indicate compensatory hypertrophy compensatory hypertrophy . 3 .              
year - old with previous vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux status post deflux methods . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
6 year month - old female with history of bilateral grade 2 grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . slight interval growth of the normal appearing kidney in comparison to 1/2/01 . 2 .     relate to deflux methods . 
year , month - old male with history of right ureteral replantation and resection of right urinary bladder base diverticulum . patients ha urinary and stool incontinence . 1 .       the bilateral mild pyelectasis ha decrease from the previous study . 2 . mild to moderate postvoid residual in urinary bladder urinary bladder . 
recurrent urinary tract infection recurrent urinary tract infection and enuresis . ha know left duplex kidney duplex kidney with nonobstructive ureterocele . 1 . normal right kidney right kidney . 2 . interval growth see of duplex left kidney left kidney with nonobstructive ureterocele . 
history of the urinary reflux with deflux injections . 1 . status post deflux injections at the ureteral vesicular junction . 2 . decrease hydroureter bilaterally . 3 . mild pyelectasis with urothelial thickening bilaterally , unchanged . 
month - old male with mild pyelectasis see in prior ultrasound date 1/2/01 . 1 . decrease pelvicaliceal dilatation bilaterally . 2 . decrease bilateral hydroureter . 3 . interval growth of kidney . 
renal anomaly duplex left kidney left kidney . history of reflux . stable ultrasound examination of sonographically normal appearing kidney . 
year - old status post deflux methods . 1 . patients 's status post deflux methods . 2 . left duplicate kidney . 3 .         4 . large amount of stool within the colon , possibly represent constipation . 
fever and wheeze in a three - month male . normal thorax radiograph . 
wheeze and fever .      
hematuria . mild right pyelectasis . otherwise normal . 
year - old female with incontinence and dysuria . urinary tract infections urinary tract infection 7 month ago . research report hematuria . 1 . mild bilateral pyelectasis . 2 . mild post void urinary bladder residual . 
fused kidney horseshoe kidney , reflux . fused kidney horseshoe kidney with persistent unchanged pyelectasis of the upper pole of the left kidney left kidney . the lack of growth lack of growth of the right side may be difference in measurement a fused kidney horseshoe kidney are difficult to measure . 
4 urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . mild left pyelectasis . mild asymmetry in size of the kidney with the left kidney left kidney large for patients 's age . 
four - year female with fever x 2 day and cough x 1 week . question pneumonia . reactive airway disease reactive airway disease , likely of viral etiology .         
fever , cough and asthma .    peribronchial cuff which could be due to reactive airway disease reactive airway disease or viral infection viral infection . the finding were discuss with the refer physicians on january 2 , 2001 while review the study . 
hematuria , urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year - old girl with urinary tract infections urinary tract infection and hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
malaise with fever and pharyngitis sore throat . normal thorax . 
fever and pharyngitis sore throat . thorax within normal limit . 
three day history of cough , fever , and dyspnea shortness of breath .     there is a band a band of opacity extend into the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe , consistent with pneumonia .     
this is a year - old male with history of dyspnea shortness of breath , cough , wheeze , and fever . right upper lobe volume loss and probably pneumonia .                        
                evaluate for pneumonia .          
year month - old male with cough and dyspnea shortness of breath for one week . evaluate for pneumonia .    
fever . 1 . viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease .      
fever . viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease .      
            single ap of the abdomen doe           it                 
year - old female with left flank and abdominal pain abdominal pain . 1 . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 2 . normal abdominal ultrasound . 
hematuria , flank pain left flank pain .           
year month - old male with history of left - side flank pain flank pain x week , microscopic hematuria microscopic hematuria .       ha            
fever to 104 degree today , increase respiratory rate respiratory rate , intercostal retraction , diffuse respiratory sounds on exam . 1 .      2 . reactive airway disease reactive airway disease versus viral change . 
history of asthma history of asthma with cough and fever . normal thorax radiograph . 
uti with fever . bilateral hydroureteronephrosis . diffuse cicatrix lower pole right kidney right kidney . 
febrile uti evaluate for possible reflux . mild hydronephrosis on the left with suggestion of minimal decrease following partial voiding . 
year - old male with chest tightness chest tightness .      
asthma . 1 . slight prominence of central marking is consistent with patients 's know history of reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 2 . minimal left basilar pulmonary atelectasis . 
3 year old female with febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound with a hugely distend urinary bladder on initial imaging and moderate postvoid residual . 
year - old female with gross hematuria and increase frequency . 1 . urinary bladder wall appear mildly prominent , with moderate amount of intraluminal debris . 2 . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
unilateral kidney unilateral kidney . evaluate for hydronephrosis . solitary left kidney left kidney with normal appearance normal appearance . 
year - old with urethral anomaly and drainage . 1 . normal kidney . 2 . nonspecific echogenic debris within the urinary bladder with small residual . 
history of hydronephrosis of the left kidney left kidney with bilateral vesicoureteral reflux vesicoureteral reflux . stable moderately severe left - side hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 
cough . patients is adopt from uganda and ha a positive ppd positive ppd skin tests skin test . normal study . 
merely a year - old with recurrent utis . prior cystograms normal x , trace grade 1 grade 1 reflux x . have be on suppressive antibiotic . recently discontinue , now with recent e coli uti . moderate postvoid urinary bladder residual with mild urinary bladder wall thickening , nonspecific but may be relate to recent urinary tract infections urinary tract infection / cystitis . otherwise interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 
13-1/2 - year - old with recent urinary tract urinary tract and traction and fever . fused kidney horseshoe kidney .     are see . 
none given . normal thorax . 
cough and vomiting . normal thorax . 
year - old male with history of a single afebrile urinary tract infections urinary tract infection in january with gross hematuria for a week . the patients was treat with antibiotic . mild left pyelectasis and ureterectasis . otherwise normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . the urinary bladder appear normal although there is a small to moderate post void residual . 
turner syndrome turner syndrome . 1 . normal right renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 2 . partially duplicate left kidney left kidney .    
this is a month - old male with wheeze . borderline hyperinflation with left lower lobe pulmonary atelectasis versus pneumonia . clinical correlation would be helpful . unless there is clinical information supporting pneumonia such a fever and cough , i favor pulmonary atelectasis . 
8 year old female with cough . the patients ha generalize lymphatic diseases . clear lung . 
            there are several episode where the patients gasp for air and ha difficulty breathing difficulty breathing while in a car seat . the patients calm down and catch his breath when the mom talk to him . she research report funny sound , gasp while sleeping . the increase perihilar lung marking may represent mild viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease v artifacts from mildly low lung volume lung volume . i suspect the former . could this patients be aspirate . 
six - year male with cough , wheeze , and loss of appetite loss of appetite . reactive airway disease reactive airway disease with probable right middle lobe pulmonary atelectasis , v retain secretion , v early right middle lobe pneumonia right middle lobe pneumonia . 
enuresis and hematuria . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
right lower lobe pneumonia right lower lobe pneumonia , cough , followup . persistent right lower lobe opacity with pleural effusion pleural effusion present , slightly improve since prior radiograph of two day previous . 
this is a year - old male with a history of cough and previous renal transplant renal transplant .      
first time febrile urinary tract infection febrile urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
urinary bladder, neurogenic neurogenic bladder . deflux methods . reflux on the left . persistent renal size discrepancy .       see . 
cough . mild reactive airway disease reactive airway disease with hyperinflation . 
this patients have a history of left ureteral stone ureteral stone . comparison is make to prior imaging of 1/2/01 . 1 . small 7 x 4 mm kidney calculi renal calculus in the kidney pelvis renal pelvis causing mild left hydronephrosis . 2 . possible intrarenal left stone is also note . 
cough , acute pharyngitis acute pharyngitis . normal examination . 
year month - old male with cough and chest pain chest pain . there is mild peribronchial cuff no air trapping air trapping or focal pneumonia focal pneumonia . the finding at most reflect mild viral or reactive airway disease reactive airway disease . 
year - old female with fever and chest pain chest pain . normal thorax radiograph . 
year month - old male with a history of wiskott - aldrich syndrome aldrich syndrome . status - post bone marrow transplant bone marrow transplant 1/2 . patients is complain of cough .           
bilateral ureteral reimplants , history of duplication . interval growth of both kidney with bilateral duplication and mild central prominence of the duplicate collecting system .               
history of bilateral grade 5 grade 5 reflux , status post bilateral deflux injections and subsequent bilateral ureteral replantation surgery . the patients recently have a suprapubic catheter suprapubic catheter remove . 1 .                   left kidney . 2 . right hydroureter . 3 . large post void urinary bladder residual . 
year - old women with history of reflux and urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound include the urinary bladder . 
year , month - old female with a urinary tract infections urinary tract infection . history of vesicoureteral reflux history of vesicoureteral reflux . mild right urothelial thickening . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound renal ultrasound . 
