eleven year old with all , bone marrow transplant on jan 2 , now with three day history of cough . 1 . no focal pneumonia . likely chronic change at the left lung base . 2 . mild anterior wedge of the thoracic vertebral body .  
six year old with history of cough for one week . the lung are clear . question prominent hilar lymph node , left great than right , which could be reactive in nature .  
four month old with history of cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the chest .  
sixteen and a half year old male with history of wrestling injury to the left neck and shoulder . some pleural fluid was demonstrate on the prior day 's mri . the patient ha have cough . please evaluate . normal chest x-ray . please see above finding .  
cough , tachypnea . 1 . right middle lobe atelectasis v pneumonia . 2 . interval resolution of right lower lobe opacity .  
cough . no focal pneumonia . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway disease .  
cough . mild perihilar bronchial wall thickening may represent either viral infection or reactive airway disease .  
none given . normal chest in a patient who apparently ha multiple allergy and recurrent cough .  
cough . the lung have clear considerably compare to january 3rd and are now consider within normal limit a is the cardiac shadow .  
cough . patchy disease is see in the lingula which could represent atelectasis or early infiltrate .  
persistent cough for last few week and runny nose . normal chest .  
5 year old female with 3 week of coughing . the patient is status post a 10 day course of antibiotic . right lung base band - like opacity which most likely represent atelectasis in the context of viral airway disease .  
cough . peribronchial thickening which can be see with viral disease . no focal pneumonia .  
year - old female with cough . normal chest .  
two - year female with cough off and on for a month -LRB- report state rsv nasal wash -RRB- . no radiographic feature of pneumonia .  
6 year old female with cough of 4 day duration . normal chest radiograph .  
eight - year male with cough . normal chest .  
2-1/2 - year - old female with cough . clear lung . no evidence of focal pneumonia .  
month - old male with cough , no pneumonia . mild peribronchial thickening which may be relate to reactive airway disease or acute viral illness with no pneumonia or hyperinflation .  
22 month old with cough . normal .  
chronic cough , worse at night . normal chest .  
cough . increase pulmonary marking probably represent viral disease . no evidence of consolidation .  
six - year male with cough and concern for pneumonia . left lower lobe opacity most likely subsegmental atelectasis . otherwise no abnormality .  
cough for 5-6 week . normal chest radiograph . no pneumonia .  
year - old with cough . minimal streaky opacity in the left upper lobe which likely represent atelectasis although early infiltrate is not exclude .  
month - old female who ha a cough for two day . this may have start when the patient ha episode of gag , choking , and vomiting . the study is being perform to evaluate for aspiration . finding most likely represent reactive airway disease or viral infection without pneumonia . no evidence of an aspirate foreign body .  
cough . there is mild peribronchial cuff with minor increase in perihilar marking . no focal parenchymal abnormality . there is borderline hyperinflation . the picture most likely reflect mild viral or reactive airway disease without focal pneumonia .  
4-1/2 - year - old with cough . the adenoid and tonsil are quite prominent . however , the nasopharyngeal airway remains patent . the epiglottis and subglottic trachea are normal . there is no evidence of retropharyngeal abscess or subglottic narrowing .  
cough , no pneumonia . no acute pulmonary disease .  
year - old with persistent cough . mild perihilar prominence .  
this is a year - old male with chronic cough . no fever . normal chest x-ray .  
month - old male with cough . evaluate for pneumonia . possible right lower lobe pneumonia at posteromedial right lung base .  
cough and congestion for a week . heart normal and lung clear .  
year month - old male with cough of 10 day duration and fever . rule out pneumonia . scatter lung density likely to represent either scatter atelectasis or acute viral illness with no definite lobar pneumonia identify .  
month - old male with cough , no pneumonia . interval decrease in the scatter lung change with no superimpose focal pneumonia identify .  
year - old female with cough . normal chest radiograph .  
a month - old with cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the chest .  
year month - old female with cough . rule out infiltrate . no pneumonia .  
cough , no pneumonia . normal chest .  
cough , labor breathing . difficulty breathing since birth . increase marking , hyperinflation , and streaky disease right middle lobe , likely atelectasis . however , there is a patch of round density above the right diaphragm . it is unsure whether this represent superimpose pneumonia or atelectasis .  
this is an almost year - old female with cough . normal chest x-ray . no significant change since 2001 .  
seventeen month old with cough . the lung are well expand , but not hyperinflated . there is mild perihilar , peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness or reactive airway disease . there is no focal infiltrate to suggest bacterial pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
cough and congestion for six day . suspect right middle lobe airspace disease , either atelectasis or pneumonia .  
cough . mild opacification right lower lobe , either atelectasis or pneumonia .  
cough . normal chest .  
year month - old female with cough , no pneumonia . normal chest radiograph with no pneumonia identify .  
month - old with cough . no focal infiltrate .  
cough . prior history of walking pneumonia . normal .  
cough . history of pneumonia on 1/2/01 . increase work of breathing . no significant change to overall appearance of perihilar lung opacity and peribronchial thickening most consistent with viral illness v reactive airway disease . increase density superimpose over the right middle lobe and lingular region on the lateral view may represent superimposition of shadow . however atelectasis or a small amount of parenchymal consolidation can not be fully exclude . this patient 's lung marking have appear prominent on the four exist chest x-ray in our file . it is recommend that the child receive a well - child chest x-ray in order to evaluate lung marking when the child is not sick .  
year - old male with cough . normal slightly hypoventilatory chest x-ray , no pneumonia .  
year - old with cough . normal chest radiograph .  
year - old female with cough . 1 . chest radiograph within normal limit . 2 . no acute abnormality .  
year - old male with history of all status post pneumonia with persistent cough . 1 . suggestion of a small pleural effusion on the frontal projection which is not well see on the lateral view . no consolidative infiltrate are see .  
seven - year male with cough . negative chest which is somewhat limited by technique .  
month - old girl with one day history of barky cough . normal chest radiograph .  
year - old female with cough . evaluate for pneumonia . no pneumonia .  
this is a month - old female with a history of cough . left upper lobe and lingular opacity suggestive of pneumonia in the right clinical context . no obvious pleural effusion or definite adenopathy is see . this is new since 1/2/01 .  
year - old male with cough . evaluate for pneumonia . no pneumonia .  
cough . possible old granulomatous disease . no current finding of pneumonia or other radiographically definable cause for cough .  
month - old with cough at night for several month . clear lung .  
cough no pneumonia . normal chest .  
this is an almost year - old female with cough for six week . clear lung .  
cough and fever of a few day duration . normal chest x-ray .  
cough for three week . prominence behind the left hilum may be an infiltrate in the superior segment of the left lower lobe . it doe not have the pattern of adenopathy .  
year - old male with a cough . 1 . no focal pneumonia . 2 . viral change .  
cough . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality .  
cough for one week . lung clear and heart normal .  
month - old with cough . rule out foreign body . the lung are well expand and clear . there is no evidence of air trapping or hyperinflation . no radiopaque foreign body is identify . the airway is normal . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see . if symptom persist , consider bilateral decubitus view of the chest to evaluate for more subtle air trapping .  
cough . normal chest . the intrathoracic trachea is normal .  
year - old female with history of deep cough for approximately 3 month . normal chest radiograph .  
croupy cough . normal soft tissue of the neck .  
year - old female with cough since january . normal chest radiograph .  
year month - old female with cough . evaluate infiltrate . no pneumonia .  
year - old male with cough . normal chest .  
year month - old female with cough x week . no acute disease .  
cough . sick for nine day . no focal consolidation are identify .  
cough . minimal increase perihilar marking , which can be see in reactive airway disease . no focal pneumonia .  
cough . normal examination of the airway .  
cough . small focal area of increase density likely represent a round pneumonia in the left upper lobe . followup x-ray is recommend when the patient is clinically asymptomatic .  
cough and pneumonia . no acute disease is see .  
cough . prominent left inferior lung marking probably represent atelectasis , less likely early infiltrate . followup film could be consider depend on patient 's symptomatology .  
two - year with cough . two view of the airway show mild subglottic narrowing , suggest viral illness / croup . the epiglottis and aryepiglottic fold are normal . the tonsil and adenoid are appropriate for age .  
month - old with several week of cough . the lung are mildly hyperinflated . there is also mild perihilar peribronchial thickening . these finding suggest viral illness or reactive airway disease . there is no focal infiltrate to suggest bacterial pneumonia . the airway is normal . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is also normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
year month - old male with cough . normal two view of the chest .  
year - old with cough for 4 week , pain with deep breath . no acute disease .  
year - old male with cough . evaluate for croup v tracheitis . 1 . prominence of palatine and lingual tonsil a describe above . 2 . no finding to suggest croup .  
year - old with history of cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the chest .  
year - old with cough . no acute disease .  
year month - old male with cough , questionable fever , lethargy . coarse central lung marking and small right upper lobe opacity . these finding may represent viral pneumonia v reactive airway disease . a small focus of bacterial pneumonia in the right upper lobe can not be exclude .  
year - old with cough , brother with mycoplasma pneumonia . medial parenchymal opacity of the left upper lobe with hilar and suprahilar fullness on the left . these finding may be from an acute pneumonia which include questionable minimal bronchiectasis . however , followup .  
year - old female with cough . no acute pulmonary abnormality .  
year - old female with cough . normal chest radiograph .  
this is a year month - old male with cough . normal two view of the chest .  
year - old with cough . normal chest .  
cough , wheeze for a couple of day . hyperinflated without focal pneumonia .  
cough for three week . chest within normal limit .  
cough . air space disease at the right base which likely represent pneumonia .  
year - old male with cough . no pneumonia .  
chronic cough . mildly prominent central vessel and bronchial area which could be a normal variant or it could be see with cardiac disease or bronchial wall thickening .  
cough couple of week . lung clear and heart normal .  
cough . no focal opacity to indicate consolidation or atelectasis .  
year - old female with cough . chest x-ray is normal , no evidence of pneumonia or viral disease .  
year - old male with cough for two day and no fever . chest x-ray is normal , no pneumonia .  
nine - year female with difficulty breathing and cough . the patient is mentally delay and the patient need to be hold in place to obtain the image . normal chest radiograph .  
year , month - old female with cough . no acute finding .  
5 year old with cough . normal chest .  
cough . mild peribronchial thickening with no focal pneumonia .  
cough . unremarkable two view of the chest without focal pneumonia .  
cough . patchy left lower lobe infiltrate suggestive of pneumonia .  
persistent cough , no fever . retain secretion v atelectasis in the right lower lobe . no infiltrate to support pneumonia .  
cough . increase in marking are see without infiltrate .  
cough . no acute finding .  
all with cough . no significant change since the previous examination .  
six - year with cough . chest x-ray is normal , no evidence of pneumonia .  
cough and noisy breathing . chest clear and heart normal .  
cough . the patient also ha a history of diarrhea and vomiting and have have repair of a duodenal web within the last month . the lack of full inspiration likely account for some crowding of bronchovascular marking . no focal pneumonia or other apparent cause for patient 's cough . gastrostomy tube is note .  
cough for one day . no infiltrate is detect .  
cough . normal heart and lung clear .  
year - old male with cough . probable pneumonia in superior segment of right lower lobe .  
five - year male with cough . right middle lobe infiltrate or atelectasis .  
year - old female with history of cough and no fever . evaluate for pneumonia . 1 . coarse central lung marking which may represent reactive airway or viral small airway disease . 2 . small focal opacity in right lower lobe , which may represent a small focus of pneumonia or atelectasis .  
7 year 1 month old female with cough x 2 week . normal chest x-ray .  
one month of cough . normal chest .  
cough . no focal pneumonia . mild hyperinflation of the lung may represent early viral or reactive airway disease . borderline enlargement of the heart . clinical correlation is need .  
cough for four week . hyperinflation without focal infiltrate .  
cough for two week . normal chest radiograph .  
cough and chest pain . normal chest radiograph .  
cough for approximately 3 week . no fever . negative study .  
year - old male who was diagnose with whoop cough thanksgiving weekend and still ha cough . coarse central lung marking , which may be see in reactive airway or viral small airway disease . no focal pneumonia is see .  
cough . 1 . increase marking with hyperinflation suggest viral illness or reactive airway disease . 2 . moderate bowel gas distention left upper quadrant . unusual visualization of the inner and out wall of a bowel loop in the left upper quadrant . the patient was upright on the chest x-ray and there is no evidence for free air on the upright film . this finding may then be best explain by the administration of contrast or coating of the bowel wall by an ingest substance . finding should be correlate clinically . if there are abdominal symptom a followup abdomen film could be consider . finding convey to the refer clinician 's office at time of interpretation .  
cough . no focal pneumonia . minimal streaky density in the right medial lower lobe , likely atelectasis .  
cough . right upper lobe volume loss and consolidation . with great consolidation than volume loss , pneumonia is favor over atelectasis .  
cough for several week . finding most compatible with an atypical infection or reactive airway disease . there is focal opacity in the right lower lobe which is most likely atelectasis .  
chronic cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the chest .  
this is a year - old male with a cough , evaluate for pneumonia . normal two view of the chest .  
year month - old with history of chronic cough . normal chest .  
cough . two view of the chest were perform on 1/2/01 . small patchy opacity within the left medial lower lobe , obscure the posterior portion of the hemidiaphragm . this is consistent with an area of pneumonia . atelectasis can have a similar appearance . the heart size is normal .  
cough . query mild pectus excavatum deformity . recommend clinical correlation . otherwise normal chest .  
nine year old with cough . normal chest x-ray , no pneumonia .  
12 year old male with cough of one month duration . no history of fever . normal chest x-ray .  
cough for 3 week . finding suggest airway disease without lobar pneumonia .  
cough for 2-3 week . 1 . clear chest . 2 . air - fluid level in the right maxillary antrum with some opacification of the ethmoid air cell and frontal sinus . finding consistent with acute sinusitis .  
approximately 3 year old male status post tracheoesophageal fistula repair . ha cough . new right lower lobe opacity which may represent an area of consolidation or atelectasis .  
cough . viral v reactive airway disease .  
cough for one week . finding most consistent with viral or reactive airway disease . no focal pneumonia .  
cough . bilateral hilar opacity which may represent a viral or small airway disease . no focal pneumonia is identify .  
chronic cough . mild prominence of lung marking without evidence of pneumonia .  
cough with prior history of pneumonia . 1 . no focal pulmonary opacity is identify . 2 . focal angulation of the trachea at the thoracic inlet with questionable soft tissue attenuation overlie the sternum . recommend repeat study and clinical correlation . the finding were discuss by phone with the refer clinician the day of the exam .  
cough . previous high exposure of chlorine . the examination is negative .  
this is a 12 year old male with history of cough . no focal pneumonia .  
8 year old female with cough . to evaluate for pneumonia . no focal pneumonia .  
cough x several week . the lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
5-1/2 - year - old male with cough for a month . mild peribronchial thickening but no focal pneumonia . these finding are likely chronic and may represent reactive airway disease or viral airway disease .  
16 1/2 year old with cough . normal chest .  
year month - old female with history of frequent coughing . question whoop cough . clear lung . no finding to explain patient 's cough .  
9 year old with recurrent urinary tract infection , intact right ureteral stent following right ureteral reimplantation . 1 . progressive severe right renal scar compare to 1/2/01 . 2 . intact right ureteral stent . 3 . normal left kidney .  
this patient was admit initially for febrile seizure and subsequently have a document urinary tract infection . normal renal and bladder sonography .  
urinary tract infection . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of the kidney bilaterally . 2 . trace amount of nonspecific free fluid in the pelvis .  
one uti . sibling with reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
urinary tract infection in a one - year female . evaluate for reflux . normal ultrasound .  
year - old female with urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound . incidental note of tiny amount of free fluid in the pelvis cul-de-sac .  
year - old female with first time febrile urinary tract infection . evaluate for reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
urinary tract infection in a year female . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old male with meatal stenosis . urinary tract infection . mild caliectasis in the upper pole of the kidney bilaterally . no evidence of any scar or calculus . no significant residual urine in the bladder after voiding .  
month - old female with the first episode of febrile urinary tract infection . mild urothelial thickening in the lower pole pelvis of the left kidney . no evidence of any hydronephrosis , scar , or calculus see .  
uti and family history of nephropathy . normal renal ultrasound .  
uti . the study is normal .  
5 year old with urinary tract infection . normal sonographic examination of the kidney and bladder .  
febrile urinary tract infection in a four month old infant . mild left urothelial thickening on an otherwise unremarkable renal ultrasound .  
11 month 9 day old female with two febrile urinary tract infection . normal sonographic evaluation of the kidney .  
year - old female with history of urinary tract infection in january , 2001 . evaluate for structural abnormality . 1 . concentric bladder wall thickening , suggest cystitis . 2 . normal sonographic appearance of the kidney .  
this is a year month - old female with prior history of urinary tract infection . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
urinary tract infection one month ago . normal kidney . r = 5.9 ; l = 6.4 cm .  
month day - old female with a uti . normal kidney and bladder ultrasound .  
recurrent uti . normal renal ultrasound .  
year month - old female with urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound .  
urinary tract infection . evaluate for reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
2 year 9 month old female with first time urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound .  
4 year 8 month old female with urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound .  
year , month - old female with 3 prior urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year - old female with urinary tract infection . 1 . slight asymmetry of renal size , left large than right , without focal hypovascularity or other etiology identify . 2 . mild bladder debris .  
year - old with history of urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
urinary tract infection . the kidney are at or just within 2 standard age and from the mean in size for the patient 's chronological age , borderline enlarge . correlation with the patient 's height and weight may be some value . they are sonographically normal . no hydronephrosis .  
urinary tract infection . 1 . minimal free pelvic fluid , likely physiologic 2 . otherwise negative retroperitoneal ultrasound .  
febrile urinary tract infection ; this is the second urinary tract infection in 4 month . the patient have microscopic hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
uti . 1 . normal kidney . 2 . mild bladder wall thickening with post void residual .  
year , month - old female with first urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year , month - old female with urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year - old with urinary tract infection . possible bifid or partially duplicate collecting system bilaterally with urothelial thickening of what appear to be the lower pole on the left . in addition , the focal hypoechoic mucosal prominence near the left ureterovesical junction raise question of a collapse ureterocele . these finding will be further evaluate with voiding cystography .  
year - old female with daytime accident since potty train . no nighttime accident . history of 4 to 6 urinary tract infection within the last 18 month . last uti 3 week ago with fever of 102.6 degree fahrenheit . 1 . asymmetrically increase size of left kidney when compare to contralateral side , but within 2 standard deviation for patient age . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound . 2 . minimal free fluid in cul-de-sac .  
cyst on kidney . utis . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year - old with frequent uti and history of febrile uti . asymmetry in renal size with possible duplication of the left kidney . visualization of the distal right ureter is nonspecific and could be relate to hydrational status or reflux .  
year - old girl with urinary tract infection . borderline prominence of the right renal collecting system . correlation with a cystogram is recommend to evaluate for vesicoureteral reflux .  
year - old female with recurrent uti . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
uti . 1 . normal renal ultrasound with interval growth .  
2 febrile urinary tract infection in the past year . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
urinary tract infection in a year , month - old female . normal renal and bladder sonography .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include bladder .  
almost year - old with recurrent urinary tract infection , despite negative previous workup . interval growth of both kidney which do not demonstrate evidence of focal scar , despite history of recurrent urinary tract infection . both kidney are currently large for the child 's age , which may reflect persistent swelling following recent pyelonephritis , or be appropriate for the patient 's overall body habitus , if she is above the th percentile on height and weight chart .  
multiple urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
urinary tract infection . 1 . normal kidney without evidence of hydronephrosis . 2 . echogenic focus adherent to the bladder wall . this may represent adherent debris , polyp or stone associate with the patient 's urinary tract infection . short - term followup ultrasound is recommend in 2 to 3 month .  
urinary tract infection with a fever of 102 degree 10 day ago . 1 . mild prominence of renal collecting system , which is nonspecific , and may be normal . the kidney are otherwise within normal limit in size and have a normal sonographic appearance . 2 . normal bladder .  
recurrent urinary tract infection . 1 . bilateral mild pyelocaliectasis with left extrarenal pelvis . this partially resolve following voiding . 2 . fluid note and distal ureter bilaterally , which are normal in caliber . this finding is nonspecific , but may be see in vesicoureteral reflux . 3 . otherwise sonographically normal appearing kidney and bladder .  
4 urinary tract infection in the past 6 month . nonfebrile . mother ha a solitary kidney . normal renal ultrasound for age .  
first urinary tract infection , fever to 102 degree . aside from possible right upper pole focal scar , normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year , month - old female with urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
uti , fever 104.9 ; 1 to 2 week ago . normal renal ultrasound .  
urinary tract infection . normal interval growth of both kidney .  
urinary tract infection fever . normal renal ultrasound .  
first urinary tract infection in an month - old infant . normal renal ultrasound . some of the image were obtain in the upright position a the patient object to the prone positioning .  
uti status post reimplantation . interval growth of both right and left kidney . prominent right renal pelvis and uroepithelial thickening is note . suspect scar upper pole right kidney unchanged .  
urinary tract infection . family history of vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year - old with urinary tract infection . normal kidney ; there is mild to moderate distention of the distal left ureter without visible peristalsis at real time scanning . it is unclear whether this is a functional issue with bladder distention or whether there may be an underlie megaureter .  
infant with febrile uti . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year - old female with uti . no comparison . normal size kidney with relatively small right inferior renal pole may represent a normal variant versus mild parenchymal loss .  
year , month - old female with history of uti . mild left renal pelvis urothelial thickening which may be see in the urinary tract infection . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound include bladder .  
urinary tract infection . normal renal and bladder ultrasound .  
urinary tract infection . normal renal and bladder sonography .  
year - old female with afebrile uti . normal renal ultrasound .  
followup u t i 1 . interval growth of normal appearing left kidney . 2 . little growth of right kidney .  
year - old with urinary tract infection 2 month ago . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year , month - old female with uti . concern for reflux . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
urinary tract infection in a year - old . normal renal ultrasound . small postvoid residual .  
year - old male with single episode of urinary tract infection . report maximal temperature was 105 f normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
8 year - old female with urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old with high fever , history of urinary tract infection . 4 to 5 year ago , she have a cystogram which reportedly show grade 1 reflux possibly on the left . no prior study are available for comparison . small left kidney with scatter area of scar that involve all pole of the kidney . likely scar of the right kidney a well , with calyceal extension to the renal periphery .  
2 afebrile urinary tract infection over the past year . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
history of reflux . urinary tract one month ago with fever . normal renal ultrasound .  
urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old being evaluate for first urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
month - old with urinary tract infection . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
month - old female with first time afebrile uti . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old female with first time urinary tract infection . 1 . debris in the urinary bladder . 2 . otherwise normal renal ultrasound .  
multiple urinary tract infection with associate dysuria . 1 . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
first time urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
nearly month - old with recent uti . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
month - old female with single episode of febrile urinary tract infection . 1 . mild left urothelial thickening and extrarenal pelvis .  
year - old with first urinary tract infection . no prior study for comparison . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
this is a year , month - old female with history of first uti in january . low grade fever . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
history of one uti in january with fever . 1 . normal renal ultrasound 2 . mild bladder wall thickening which may be relate to cystitis .  
uti . 1 . prominent dilate bilateral collecting system left great than right more prominent following voiding suggest bilateral reflux . 2 . small postvoid residual .  
urinary tract infection . normal renal sonogram .  
first uti with fever . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
patient is a month - old female with history of first afebrile urinary tract infection . 1 . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old female with urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
followup on a patient with reflux . interval growth with no change in the appearance of the kidney .  
year month - old female with history of vesicoureteral reflux . no prior study from this institution . normal renal ultrasound .  
7 year old female with enuresis . followup of bilateral grade ii vesicoureteral reflux . this was last document on the nuclear cystogram date 1/2/01 . the previously perform ultrasound of the same date show normal appearing kidney with interval growth . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
year - old with history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux and small size of right kidney . followup . interval growth of both kidney . right kidney remains small for age .  
12 year old female status post bilateral deflux procedure for vesicoureteral reflux present for routine followup . normal renal followup ultrasound study . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
4 year old female with left side grade ii vesicoureteral reflux for routine followup ultrasound examination . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
history of reflux . followup exam . 1 . no interval growth on the right with a subtle area of scar . normal interval growth on the left .  
followup bilateral grade v vesicoureteral reflux status post bilateral ureteral re . stable sonographic appearance of the kidney compare to 1/2/01 .  
vesicoureteral reflux . symmetric interval growth of both kidney with stable - appearing scar involve the lower pole of the right kidney . no new finding otherwise note .  
grade ii reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
this is a year - old female with a history of vesicoureteral reflux and no interval growth of the left kidney . on prior ultrasound there was no interval growth of the left kidney . this exam was perform to evaluate renal growth . interval growth of both kidney . renal size discrepancy but no definitive focal scar .  
year month - old female with history of left grade ii reflux demonstrate on a nuclear cystogram from jan 2 , 2001 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
this is a year month - old female with history of right vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
8 year old status post deflux injection for vesicoureteral reflux bilaterally . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . the previously nondistended left ureter was not visualize on today 's examination . 3 . bilateral ureteral jet with bilateral single deflux mound .  
deflux , reflux . kidney normal , r = 10.0 ; l = 10.2 . left deflux mound flatten .  
followup in an 8 year old with left side grade ii reflux . minimal interval growth of normal appearing and normal size kidney .  
reflux . no interval growth of kidney , otherwise normal appearance .  
this is a 6 year 10 month old female with a history of left grade i vesicoureteral reflux and right grade ii vesicoureteral reflux demonstrate on a nuclear cystogram from 1/2/01 . this study is compare with the ultrasound from 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound .  
this is a 2 year 10 month old female with a prior history of bilateral grade ii vesicoureteral reflux . the patient is complain of back pain . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
year month - old female with prior history of bilateral grade ii vesicoureteral reflux . patient ha have prior normal ultrasound . normal renal ultrasound .  
reflux . reimplantation in january 2001 . 1 . decrease in size of both kidney since the prior examination may be spurious and relate to technical difference . other consideration include infection on the previous examination , or renal scar . 2 . stable appearance of the left kidney with slight upper pole scar . 3 . stable , small left kidney .  
history of grade ii vesicoureteral reflux on the left . normal renal ultrasound .  
year , month - old female with history of left deflux procedure 1/2/01 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . satisfactory imaging finding post left deflux procedure .  
four and 1/2 year - old with a history of reflux , status post ureteral reimplantation . normal renal ultrasound , with interval renal growth .  
year - old female with history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux dating back at least tear 2001 . there have be several follow up showing a less reflux , the last one showing grade 1 reflux on the right . the patient also ha history of urgency and some wetting . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
nearly month - old male with small right kidney and left - side reflux . 1 . atrophic right kidney below two standard deviation for patient 's age . 2 . mild interval growth of normal - appearing left kidney .  
left grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux . the patient now present for routine follow up . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
followup voiding dysfunction in a patient with enuresis and prior history of grade 1 vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . mild bladder wall thickening raise the question of cystitis or bladder dysfunction .  
year - old female with a history of bilateral grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux vacuum in 2001 . patient is schedule to start of the renal toxic medication and ha present for a screening exam . normal interval growth of both kidney , with stable size discrepancy and suggestion of cortical thinning in the lower pole of the left kidney on this limited examination .  
reflux . reimplantation . frequency . no significant change since the prior study .  
history of right grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . patient ha recently have recurrent urinary tract infection . 1 . normal interval growth of bilateral kidney .  
vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . 2 . left duplication . otherwise normal .  
history of vesicoureteral reflux . questionable history of left renal scar accord to the patient 's mother . this workup ha be perform elsewhere . 1 . questionable mild diffuse left upper pole parenchymal thinning . otherwise normal renal ultrasound .  
reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
year - old female with history of vesicoureteral reflux . followup study . no significant interval growth of normal appearing kidney . the kidney remain normal in size for patient 's age .  
4 year - old with history of bilateral grade 2 reflux ; annual follow up . normal renal ultrasound .  
grade 2 reflux . 1 . medical renal disease of the right kidney 2 . dysplastic left kidney .  
status post bilateral deflux procedure in january . the patient ha a history of bilateral grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . the right deflux do not work . the patient is now status post re on the right . normal renal ultrasound status post deflux procedure .  
prior urinary tract infection and reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
vesicoureteral reflux followup . normal renal ultrasound . mild intermittent left hydroureter proximally at the renal pelvis .  
history of reflux . followup and evaluate for growth . normal renal ultrasound with interval growth .  
bilateral grade 2 reflux . normal renal ultrasound with bilateral growth of the kidney .  
grade 3 reflux . evaluate . 1 . normal renal ultrasound examination .  
bilateral grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
status post left re . patient have prior grade 3 right vesicoureteral reflux and left grade 4 to 5 vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
patient status post deflux for reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . deflux mound are again note with small postvoid residual .  
history of vesicular ureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
history of reflux and utis . 1 . there is no hydronephrosis . 2 . the kidney are within 2 standard deviation of normal for age .  
followup renal ultrasound in patient with know reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
followup posterior urethral valve and bilateral reflux . 1 . no significant growth of globally scar , echogenic right kidney . 2 . slight interval growth of normal left kidney . 3 . borderline bladder wall thickening , with no significant postvoid residual .  
this is a year , month - old female with past history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux status post bilateral deflux procedure on 1/2/01 . 1 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . 2 . bilateral deflux mound with no evidence of the hydronephrosis or hydroureter .  
followup in year - old female with history of bilateral grade 2 reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
month - old with history of prenatal hydronephrosis found on postnatal sonography a well associate with bilateral grade 2 reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney with near complete resolution of mild intrarenal collecting system distention .  
history of reflux and bladder diverticulum . the patient is status post right ureteral reimplantation on 1/2/01 . 1 . there ha be interval growth of the kidney which demonstrate normal imaging characteristic .  
year - old girl with history of reflux . followup . normal renal ultrasound .  
history of left - side grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . the kidney are normal in their imaging characteristic with interval renal growth .  
vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
year - old female with follow up of right grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux see on prior nuclear cystogram on 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound .  
this patient have significant bilateral vesicoureteral reflux . recently , the patient ha have bilateral deflux procedure perform . comparison of today 's image is make to multiple previous exam and also to voiding cystourethrograms . the patient was catheterize at 3:00 this afternoon . therefore , it take time for the bladder to refill . the patient is postoperative deflux procedure . no significant hydronephrosis ha occur following the deflux . both ureter are visualize but were also note on prior exam . there is a right ureteral jet but a jet on the left was not see .  
followup reflux . normal study with slight growth .  
history of left - side grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux status post deflux procedure . the patient ha a know small left kidney . no interval change since the prior study with no interval growth of either kidney . the left kidney remains 1 cm small than the right kidney , which may reflect mild diffuse parenchymal loss .  
followup bilateral grade 4 vesicoureteral reflux . no significant change since the prior study .  
history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
8 year - old with a history of reflux , status post deflux . 1 . no change in right upper pole scar versus junctional line . 2 . bilateral round soft tissue mass in the region of the ureteral insertion which are consistent with the patient 's history of deflux procedure .  
fire month - old female with a history of bilateral grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound with a suggestion of a possible partial duplication on the right . normal interval growth .  
year , month - old female with follow up of right grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux determine on prior nuclear cystogram of 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
almost year - old with history of right - side grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux and recurrent urinary tract infection . 1 . right - side urothelial thickening and transient visualization of the distal right ureter , suggest persistent right - side reflux . 2 . interval growth of normal kidney , without evidence of scar .  
followup or reflux . interval growth of two normal appearing kidney . the presence of urothelial thickening and mild dilatation of the left ureter suggest that the patient may have continue vesicoureteral reflux .  
prior history of bilateral reflux treat by reimplantation . no cystogram since reimplantation . routine ultrasound followup . somewhat small , scar right kidney which , however , is growing parallel to the th percentile for age . normal left kidney . no hydronephrosis on either side .  
month - old for followup of grade 4 vesicoureteral reflux bilaterally . 1 . persistent left mild pyelectasis with urothelial thickening . no significant interval growth the left kidney was note . 2 . urothelial thickening of the right collecting system without evidence of hydronephrosis . normal interval growth .  
reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
grade 4 right vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
follow vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval renal growth . previously the difference in the kidney was 12 mm , and it is now 13 mm . this difference is likely explain by the left upper pole pyelectasis , which is stable . 2 . no new finding .  
reflux . 1 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
reflux . stable appearance of the kidney .  
ureteral reimplantation . follow up vesicoureteral reflux and right lower pole scar . stable renal examination . the discrepancy in length between today 's scan and the comparison study is likely due to interobserver variability , since no other change are identify .  
grade 1 bilateral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
history of left - side grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . there ha be no interval renal growth a compare to the exam from 1/2/01 . there ha be mild renal growth a compare to the study from 1/2/01 . the kidney remain within the normal range in size for age . 2 . the kidney are normal in their echogenicity with no focal scar present .  
year - old female patient with history of left grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . the patient is status post deflux injection january 2 , 2001 . 1 . there ha be no interval renal growth , however , the kidney are within the normal range in size for age . 2 . there are no finding of pyelectasis in either the right or left kidney .  
recent deflux injection january nd 2001 , on the right side for grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . no interval growth of normal appearing kidney . no evidence of hydronephrosis or hydroureter following right deflux procedure .  
cough and fever . temperature to 103 degree fahrenheit today . mild peribronchial thickening which may be secondary to an airway process such a viral infection or reactive airway disease . no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia .  
cough x 2 day fever x 4 day . normal two view of the chest .  
three - year female with cough and fever . normal chest radiograph .  
thirteen year old female with cough and fever for one week . evaluate for pneumonia . no focal pneumonia .  
cough for three week with fever . antibiotic not curing cough . normal chest radiograph .  
cough and low grade fever . no focal pneumonia .  
two year , ten month old male with cough , fever , and stomach pain . normal chest , no pneumonia .  
5 year 11 month old female with cough and fever x 2 day . normal two view of the chest .  
cough and fever . chest within normal limit .  
cough and fever . focal opacity in the right middle lobe may represent either atelectasis or pneumonia .  
7 year old with cough and fever x 7 day . the lung volume are normal . there is mild perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness or reactive airway disease . minimal streaky density is note in the left lung base , though there is no lobar consolidation to suggest bacterial pneumonia . finding are more in keeping with minimal atelectasis . the costophrenic angle remain sharp , without evidence of pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .  
cough and fever . no focal pneumonia .  
year - old male with cough and fever . normal chest , no pneumonia .  
thirteen month old male with cough and fever . finding worrisome for right lower lobe infiltrate .  
21 month old male with cough and fever of one week duration . no focal air space disease identify .  
month - old with fever , cough , and congestion for two day . clear chest .  
year - old male with cough and fever for three day . 1 . no focal pulmonary consolidation . 2 . gas - fill distend loop of bowel a describe above .  
cough and fever , evaluate for pneumonia . normal chest x-ray .  
eight - month male with fever and cough for four day . hyperinflation with associate opacity in the right lower and upper lobe may reflect reactive airway and atelectasis , possibly of viral etiology . however , degree of right lower lobe and right upper lobe opacity could also represent a superimpose bacterial pneumonia or sequela from aspiration .  
cough and fever in a year - old . there is mild perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness or reactive airway disease . minimal linear atelectasis is note in the perihilar region and the lung base , however , there is no focal , lobar consolidation to suggest bacterial pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . the costophrenic angle are sharp . no bony abnormality are see .  
cough and fever . peribronchial wall thickening which may represent either viral or reactive airway disease . no focal consolidation .  
cough and fever . normal radiographic appearance of the chest , no pneumonia .  
cough and fever . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway disease .  
cough x three day . fever . normal .  
year - old female with cough and high fever . finding worrisome for right lower lobe infection .  
prolong cough with fever today . peribronchial thickening without pneumonia .  
fever and cough for several day abdominal pain for 1 day . nonspecific nonobstructed bowel gas pattern . mild amount of stool within the colon . borderline distend small bowel with air .  
cough and fever . lung clear and heart normal .  
twenty month old with fever and cough . the lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is within normal limit . no bony abnormality are see .  
cough and fever . the lung volume are normal . there is bilateral perihilar , peribronchial thickening . additional , patchy opacity is present in the right middle lobe . finding may represent atelectasis relate to viral illness or reactive airway disease , or alternatively mycoplasma pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . there are no pleural effusion . the bony thorax is unremarkable . moderate gaseous distention of the stomach and colon is incidentally note in the upper abdomen .  
year - old male with a cough x 1 day fever x 3 day . no focal pneumonia .  
month day - old female with cough and fever , no pneumonia . lung change suggestive of reactive airway disease or acute viral illness with no pneumonia identify .  
fever and cough , evaluate for pneumonia . suspect mild viral or reactive airway disease . no focal pneumonia .  
cough on and off with fever for five day . no flatten diaphragm . lung clear and heart normal .  
cough with fever x week . normal two view of the chest .  
year - old with fever and cough . a triangular density is identify just posterior to the heart on the lateral film . this create more of a vague opacity on the frontal exam in the region of the lingula . finding suggest volume loss in the lingula , with or without superimpose infection . there is no associate pleural effusion . the perihilar marking are within normal limit . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
fever and cough of two day ' duration . normal chest x-ray .  
cough x two week , fever . no definite pneumonia to explain the patient 's cough and fever .  
year - old male with cough and low - grade fever for approximately four day . normal chest .  
month - old with fever for 1-1/2 week and cough . normal chest radiograph . no pneumonia .  
year - old male with cough and fever . normal chest , no pneumonia .  
this is an almost month - old female with cough and apparent fever for 3-4 week . clear chest x-ray . no evidence of pneumonia or other abnormality .  
year - old male complain of cough for the past two day with a fever of 103 f no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality .  
cough and fever . mild viral or reactive airway disease .  
fever and cough . the lung are well - expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
this is a month - old male with fever and cough . normal chest x-ray . no focal pneumonia see .  
cough x 2-3 week . intermittent fever per mother . no focal pneumonia , normal chest radiograph .  
fever and cough . normal chest . bifid third and fourth anterior rib .  
cough and fever . most consistent with viral or reactive airway disease . no focal pneumonia .  
cough and fever . two view of the chest show no evidence of pneumonia . the pulmonary parenchyma is clear and the pleural margin are sharp .  
cough for two week and congestion and fever . lung clear and heart normal .  
year month - old female with cough and fever . 1 . no evidence of pneumonia . normal chest x-ray .  
year month - old female with cough and fever off and on for two week . no pneumonia .  
cough and fever . no radiographic abnormality of the chest .  
cough and fever . no radiographic abnormality see of the chest .  
fever for one week with cough x 3 day . normal chest .  
year month - old male with cough for one week and fever for one day . evaluate for pneumonia . 1 . mildly coarse central lung marking with minimally increase lung marking at the left posterior lung base , consistent with atelectasis or early pneumonia . 2 . mild convex right curvature of the mid thoracic spine .  
3 year 3 month old female with history of fever today and cough since the weekend . comparison are make with january 2 , 2001 . 1 . no pneumonia . resolution of previously see peribronchial cuff . 2 . mild convex right curve of the thoracic spine , which may be positional . recommend clinical correlation .  
fever then cough . no pneumonia .  
cough and fever . no radiographic abnormality see of the chest .  
year - old male with fever and cough . chest x-ray is normal , no evidence of pneumonia .  
cough and fever . no focal pneumonia . minimal peribronchial thickening may see in viral or atypical infection versus reactive airway disease .  
fever , cough . normal radiograph of the chest without evidence of focal pneumonia .  
cough and fever . minor patchy shadowing , possible atelectasis or pneumonia in the right mid zone . clinical correlation is recommend .  
cough , fever . 1 . left upper lobe air space opacity . with history of cough and fever this would be most consistent with pneumonia .  
year - old male with decrease breath sound in the left lung base . the patient also ha cough and fever . to evaluate for consolidation . left posterior lung base opacity which appear somewhat homogeneous which is somewhat atypical for consolidation . recommend close followup if the patient doe not respond to treatment and the symptom persist .  
cough and fever x two day . patchy ill - define opacity overlie the right lower lung , may represent early infiltrate .  
six - year female with fever and left lower lobe rale with cough . two view of the chest are normal without evidence of pneumonia .  
this is a 1 year 3 month old male with history of fever and cough . finding most consistent with right lower lobe round pneumonia . followup x-ray to assess resolution is recommend .  
cough and fever . two view of the chest show normal lung volume , without hyperinflation . there is bilateral perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness or reactive airway disease . there is no focal infiltrate to suggest bacterial pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
cough , fever x 12 day . normal chest x-ray .  
6 year old with cough for two month , and fever off and on . clear lung .  
year - old male with fever and cough . no focal pneumonia .  
cough x week . now low grade fever . the lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
almost 6 year old with cough and fever . finding consistent with viral respiratory disease or reactive airway disease .  
cough and fever . 1 . left lower lobe infiltrate , likely represent pneumonia .  
pneumonia . normal chest radiograph with interval resolution of pneumonia .  
twenty - two month old with history of recurrent right middle lobe infiltrate . increase cough , tachypnea , and work of breathing . saturation in the low 90 . 1 . left lingular pneumonia . 2 . right new lobe pneumonia which ha either not resolve or is recurrent since the prior study .  
cough . left lower lobe pneumonia .  
cough and fever . right middle and probable right lower lobe pneumonia .  
history of recurrent pneumonia . minimal patchiness in the left lower lobe but no current pneumonia .  
usually get pneumonia every year . cough since monday . the pneumonia is at both base and is fluffy in the pattern of mycoplasma .  
nine - year male with pneumonia . resolving pneumonia .  
eight - year male with cough , evaluate for pneumonia . right lower lobe pneumonia .  
year month old male with fever . rule out pneumonia . bilateral lower lobe pneumonia right more than left .  
ten - year female with cough . right lower lobe pneumonia .  
cough for two month with fever . left lower lobe pneumonia .  
pneumonia . clear lung .  
recurrent pneumonia on right . interval clearing of patchy parenchymal opacity in the right middle and left lower lobe with no apparent etiology for recurrent pneumonia on screening radiograph .  
year - old with cough and fever . bilateral peribronchial thickening with left upper lobe pneumonia .  
pneumonia . worsening airspace disease a describe .  
pneumonia . right upper lobe air space disease , atelectasis or pneumonia .  
year - old with history of pneumonia . clearing left lower lobe pneumonia .  
prior history of pneumonia , not feeling well , followup study . mild improvement in lingula and left lower lobe air space disease with moderate residual disease in the left lower lobe .  
pneumonia . no evidence of pneumonia .  
follow up pneumonia . clear lung . borderline enlarge heart size . clinical correlation need .  
year - old female with cough . left lower lobe pneumonia .  
persistent cough . interval resolution of right lower lobe pneumonia .  
pneumonia see on chest x-ray from 1/2/01 , no pneumonia . no radiographic evidence of pneumonia .  
congestion . airspace disease in the left lower lobe - atelectasis v pneumonia .  
cough , fever in year - old male . 1 . right middle lobe pneumonia . 2 . minimal pleural thickening on the right may represent small pleural effusion .  
prior history of pneumonia on comparative film from january nd . complete healing of the previously describe infiltrate in the right upper lobe .  
follow up pneumonia . the patient now ha a cough . residual right perihilar prominence . however , significant interval improvement in the appearance of the chest is see when compare to the extent of prior infiltrate on the right lung .  
follow up of pneumonia . since january nd , the lung have become clear .  
year - old female present with cough for the past six day and intermittent fever for the past four day . rule out bronchitis . hazy opacity in left mid chest compatible with pneumonia .  
pneumonia . chest within normal limit .  
cough . axillary right upper lobe pneumonia , likely bacterial , likely pneumococcal .  
recent history of pneumonia . 1 . minimal residual air space opacification of the right lower lobe . 2 . resolve peribronchial cuff .  
this is a year - old female with cough and fever for 7 day . right upper lobe pneumonia and volume loss maybe with a small amount of right paratracheal adenopathy . there is no pleural effusion or other finding see . pneumonia is likely community acquire and probably bacterial . if this doe not respond to antibiotic then consider atypical pneumonia .  
year - old with cough and illness status post zithromax for clinical pneumonia still with cough and right side crackle . finding are consistent with a right lower lobe pneumonia . these result were call immediately to the physician at outpatient mason .  
decrease breath sound on right . rule out pneumonia . fever . finding consistent with right lower lobe pneumonia .  
year month - old female with clinical suspicion for pneumonia . 1 . right upper lobe pneumonia . 2 . diffuse peribronchial cuff , which may represent peribronchial thickening due to inflammation or infection .  
year - old male with fever and cough . right upper lobe round pneumonia .  
rule out pneumonia . this patient ha pneumonia in the right middle lobe and also at the left base .  
year - old female with pneumonia . normal two view of the chest .  
worsening cough . right middle and right upper lobe pneumonia .  
right lower lobe pneumonia with broncho spasm . 1 . interval development of subtle patchy opacity in what is likely the middle lobe . pneumonia versus atelectasis . remainder of the lung are clear .  
eight - year male with cough , fever , right - side pleural pain . evaluate for pneumonia . right upper lobe pneumonia .  
year - old male with fever and cough . evaluate for pneumonia . focal left lower lobe pneumonia .  
cough , fever . right lower lobe pneumonia with possible pleural effusion .  
pneumonia . hyperinflated lung with no evidence of focal pneumonia .  
year - old male with cough and fever . left lower lobe pneumonia .  
cough . large confluent left lower lobe pneumonia .  
year month - old male with history of cough . evaluate for pneumonia . left lower lobe pneumonia .  
this is a year - old male who have a right upper lobe pneumonia see on a prior outside study from bethesda hospital perform on 1/2/01 . significant interval improvement of the pneumonia involve the anterior segment of the right upper lobe .  
this is a year - old female with a cough and fever . left lower lobe pneumonia .  
this is a year month - old female with a cough . right upper lobe pneumonia .  
pneumonia . round infiltrate superior segment persist but there is increase air space disease in the basilar segment of the lower lobe and medial right upper lobe .  
11-1/2 - year - old male with fever and cough for two day . pneumonia .  
year - old with cough and fever for four day . left upper lobe pneumonia .  
pneumonia organism . lung clear and heart normal .  
pneumonia . no focal pneumonia . interval resolution of atelectasis .  
pneumonia . normal study of the chest .  
followup pneumonia . near complete resolution of left basilar pneumonia .  
pneumonia followup . increase patchy opacity of the lung a describe .  
year - old with crackle right lung . rule out pneumonia . right middle lobe pneumonia .  
pneumonia , difficulty breathing not clinically improve . subtle ill define opacity in the left lower lobe could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting .  
this is a year - old female with history of fever and cough . left lower lobe pneumonia .  
pneumonia . followup . normal chest .  
pneumonia clinically . a in january the patient ha a right middle lobe infiltrate , this time somewhat more prominent . are there adult smoking in the patient 's house .  
cough , fever . right upper lobe consolidation consistent with pneumonia . also possible air space opacification in the right middle lobe .  
12 year 5 month old with cough . left upper lobe and left lower lobe pneumonia .  
fever x day . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway disease .  
seven - month male with fever . normal chest , no pneumonia .  
fever . rule out bacterial infection . finding consistent with reactive v viral airway disease . no focal pneumonia .  
chest pain and fever . a new opacity ha develop in the left lung base , most consistent with pneumonia . the perihilar marking are also minimally increase , suggest inflammation or viral illness . the cardiac silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are appreciate .  
fever for the past four day . small localize area of parenchymal disease in the left lower lobe .  
fever with no other symptom . normal chest .  
month - old with fever . finding are consistent with a viral process versus reactive airway disease without focal air space disease identify .  
fever . no focal air space disease .  
this is an eight - month female with a history of fever and ear infection . decrease breath sound on the left base . rule out pneumonia . 1 . no focal pneumonia note . 2 . in the left retrocardiac area , note only on the frontal view , there is a very small area of increase lung density of questionable significance .  
this is month - old male with fever and no cough . no focal pneumonia .  
month - old male with fever , no pneumonia . minimal peribronchial thickening which may be due to reactive airway disease or acute viral illness with no focal pneumonia .  
fever , no pneumonia . finding raising the question of viral lower respiratory tract infection or reactive airway disease .  
six year old with fever . normal .  
fever for five day . normal radiographic appearance of the chest .  
fever , no cough . normal chest .  
fever for two day . minimal increase density right upper lobe probably is favor to represent atelectasis . otherwise unremarkable chest .  
history of pneumonia and fever . increase in marking . streaky left upper lobe disease likely represent atelectasis .  
7 year old with fever . no radiographic abnormality of the chest .  
prolong fever . normal chest radiograph .  
fever for 11 day . clear and heart normal .  
two - year male with fever and increase white count . 1 . increase perihilar lung marking are present which may represent change of reactive airway disease . 2 . subtle increase density in the retrocardiac region is identify , silhouette out the inferior aspect of the descend thoracic aorta . this may represent atelectasis v early developing infiltrate .  
this is a year - old male with fever and positive pneumococcal antibody titer . low level of lung inflation . no focal consolidation is see to suggest bacterial pneumonia .  
fever for a week . lung clear and heart normal .  
fever . normal radiographic appearance of the chest . the slight hyperinflation suggest on the frontal view is not bear out on lateral view . no fever source is demonstrate .  
year - old female with fever . finding consistent with right upper lobe collapse and probable superimpose pneumonia .  
fever of unknown origin . normal chest .  
fever . left lower lobe atelectasis or pneumonia .  
chronic fever for four week . normal chest radiograph .  
fever . normal chest radiograph , no pneumonia .  
this is a year - old female with fever . no focal pneumonia .  
year month - old with history of fever and left anterior rale . evaluate for pneumonia . coarse central lung marking , suggestive of reactive airway disease or viral small airway disease . no consolidation .  
fever and congestion . no focal area of consolidation to support pneumonia . minimal subsegmental atelectasis v retain secretion in the right middle lobe .  
fever . low lung volume with no focal abnormality .  
year - old with fever . chest the lung are fully expand and clear . no fever source is identify . sinus the paranasal sinus are well aerate and normal .  
fever . low lung volume with no focal abnormality see .  
fever . no evidence of lobar pneumonia . appearance suggest peribronchial thickening and small area of atelectasis .  
fever . no infiltrate .  
fever . 1 . no focal pneumonia . 2 . increase perihilar lung marking are likely due to low lung volume , although a mild viral or reactive airway process can not be completely exclude .  
this is a 3 month old patient who have possible pyelonephritis with elevated fever . normal kidney and bladder . mild urothelial thickening of the left kidney is see and this can be associate with infection or reflux .  
year - old female with history of large left lower pole caliceal diverticulum that was not amenable to interventional therapy attempt one month ago . the patient ha have fever and recurrent urinary tract infection and this study is request a followup prior to possible surgical resection . no significant change or apparent complication associate with the large left lower pole caliceal diverticulum .  
left flank pain , intermittent fever . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
hydronephrosis . improvement in the hydronephrosis on the left side . normal interval growth of the kidney .  
hydronephrosis . this patient have an intraabdominal cystic mass that was discover in utero . subsequent study and intraoperative examination reveal this cystic mass on the right to connect with the renal collecting system and appear to be a dilate pelvis . 1 . interval decompression of markedly enlarge right extrarenal pelvis , with new urothelial thickening . patient is status post pyeloplasty . 2 . renal size discrepancy , left great than right . this is presumably due to compensatory hypertrophy of the left kidney which is at two standard deviation above the expect value for the patient 's age . the right kidney length is within normal limit . 3 . poor corticomedullary differentiation of the right kidney . this suggest medical renal disease .  
month - old male with right - side hydronephrosis . 1 . improve right - side hydronephrosis which can now be characterize a mild to moderate . 2 . normal left kidney .  
year - old female who is refer for followup of left - side hydronephrosis status post pyeloplasty and stent removal . to also evaluate for renal calculus . 1 . essentially normal renal ultrasound study . no evidence of any renal calculus or hydronephrosis . 2 . there is some debris see within the urinary bladder .  
month - old male with history of left hydronephrosis . evaluate kidney for interval change . 1 . unchanged mild to moderate left hydronephrosis without cortical thinning . interval growth in comparison to previous study . 2 . interval growth of normal - appearing right kidney .  
followup hydronephrosis . 1 . interval resolution of the previously see right hydronephrosis . 2 . interval growth of both kidney . 3 . small focal probable area of scar in the right mid pole .  
followup hydronephrosis . mild decrease in right hydronephrosis . bilateral nonspecific urothelial thickening .  
abnormal finding in the kidney on mri . 1 . probable dilate calix in the lower pole of the right kidney with a caliceal diverticulum . 2 . moderate hydronephrosis of the left kidney with visualization of the proximal ureter . 3 . moderate to large postvoid residual .  
this patient ha a urogenital sinus and complex anomaly . this patient also is file under the last name of palmer with the same medical record number . congenital anomaly with a dysplastic right kidney measuring less than 2 cm , a normal appearing left kidney without hydronephrosis measuring 5.6 cm and a urogenital sinus which was debris and urine fill . this urogenital sinus drain completely via the vesicostomy .  
renal stone , renal calcification . significant improvement in patient 's right - side hydronephrosis . anechoic structure within each kidney a describe above , could reflect calyceal diverticulum , distort calyx , residual dilate calyx on the right , on the left may reflect some hydrate calcification within the calyceal diverticulum , renal cortical cyst , or persistently dilate calyx . no renal calculus identify within either kidney .  
prenatal hydronephrosis . 1 . minimal prominence of the left renal pelvis , without caliectasis . 2 . bilateral urothelial thickening , a nonspecific finding sometimes associate with infection , reflux , or previous high grade of dilatation .  
2 year old with prior hydronephrosis of the left duplex kidney . this is a followup examination . 1 . interval renal growth bilaterally . 2 . mild to moderate pelvic dilatation of the lower pole moiety of the left kidney , unchanged .  
month day - old male with hydronephrosis . rule out ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 1 . no significant change in moderate left hydronephrosis . 2 . normal right kidney .  
followup hydronephrosis . 1 . stable right hydronephrosis . 2 . normal interval growth of both kidney .  
follow up left ureteropelvic junction obstruction . no change in the hydronephrosis and cortical thinning of the left kidney .  
followup hydronephrosis . normal interval growth of both kidney with stable hydronephrosis . the hydronephrosis is slightly great on the left than the right .  
year - old who ha have history of left megaureter . this is a followup study . bilateral interval renal growth . persistent minimal hydronephrosis on the left , which is slightly diminish since the prior study .  
prenatal hydronephrosis . mild left hydronephrosis without hydroureter .  
month - old with hydronephrosis status post right pyeloplasty . 1 . moderate right hydronephrosis , decrease . stable cortical scar of the right lower pole with relative preservation of the right upper pole , suggestive of duplication . 2 . minimal dilatation of the left collecting system , decrease . persistent hyperechoic debris within the left lower pole , possibly due to prior infection or near the site of prior catheter placement . mild scar of the left lower pole with relative preservation of the left upper pole , suggestive of duplication .  
year - old who is ha a history of duplex right kidney with right ureteropyeloplasty by report . she ha a know distal right ureteral stump . 1 . bilateral minimal interval renal growth . 2 . right upper pole parenchymal thinning , unchanged . 3 . new left mild hydronephrosis . 4 . small distal right ureteral stump .  
followup right hydronephrosis status post stent removal 1/2/01 . decrease in right hydronephrosis .  
followup solitary kidney . 1 . stable appearance of the solitary right kidney with moderate hydronephrosis . parenchymal cyst unchanged . 2 . stable appearance of the augment bladder .  
history of urogenital sinus , cloacal variant , multiple utis , followup . new bilateral left great than right hydronephrosis with a persistent fluid fill ureter see on the right . the bladder is markedly distend and doe not slightly change on the postvoid image . unchanged echogenic small focus within the lower pole the right kidney which may represent a small stone or small focus of fat .  
bilateral pyeloplasty 's . 1 . no change in mild left hydronephrosis or moderate right hydronephrosis . 2 . interval increase in length of left kidney , and slight decrease in length of right kidney . the difference are likely technical given the otherwise similar appearance of both kidney and short time interval .  
prenatal hydronephrosis . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
history of bilateral hydronephrosis . previous examination january 2 , 2001 . comparison prior to clinic visit . bilateral hydronephrosis , unchanged in degree since the prior exam of january 2 , 2001 .  
year - old with bilateral hydroureteronephrosis most likely relate to megaureters . interval growth of the kidney . moderately distend ureter bilaterally are unchanged though there is slight improvement in the moderate right and mild to moderate left intrarenal collecting system distention .  
followup hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 1 . small echogenic right kidney with interval resolution of hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 2 . left kidney remains upper limit of normal in size .  
followup prenatal hydronephrosis . 1 . improvement with residual mild prominence of the right renal pelvis . 2 . no change in mild left hydronephrosis .  
hydronephrosis . followup . interval growth in both kidney . otherwise no significant change since the prior study .  
followup bilateral hydronephrosis . 1 . interval decrease in bilateral hydronephrosis since 1/2/01 . 2 . interval growth of kidney .  
hydronephrosis . borderline right mild hydronephrosis .  
year - old girl with history of deflux procedure . the patient then present with gross hematuria to the emergency department . no interval change mild to moderate right hydronephrosis .  
month - old female with right ureteral stent removal . history of right mid ureteral stenosis status post resection and reanastomosis of the right ureter . dysplastic right kidney status post ureteroureterostomy and stent placement in january 2001 . 1 . status post right ureteral stent removal . no significant change in dysplastic right kidney . 2 . interval decrease in right - side hydronephrosis with no significant change in right hydroureter . 3 . interval growth of normal left kidney . 4 . stable hyperechoic lesion at inferior aspect of left liver margin consistent with hemangioma .  
month - old male with possible hydronephrosis . possible patient or family history of renal cyst . normal renal ultrasound .  
9 month day - old female with history of left ureteropelvic junction obstruction . patient ha history of ureterostomy . this is follow up examination for left - side hydronephrosis . 1 . normal interval growth . 2 . stable appearance to left ureterostomy . 3 . no hydronephrosis or scar see .  
day - old male with clinical prenatal history of bilateral hydronephrosis . report by the patient 's mother , on prenatal imaging the right hydronephrosis was worse than on the left . 1 . severe left and mild right hydronephrosis . no dilatation of ureter were demonstrate . differential consideration would include obstruction at the level of the up junction , on the left , and improve mild obstruction at the right up junction on the right versus right vesicoureteral reflux .  
history of bilateral ureteral reimplantation . follow hydronephrosis . comparison is make to study date 1/2/01 and 1/2/01 . 1 . mild right hydronephrosis , slightly improve . 2 . interval growth of both kidney .  
hydronephrosis , megaureter . left ureteral reimplantation . comparison is make to study date 1/2/01 . 1 . improve hydronephrosis bilaterally . 2 . decrease size of the left kidney .  
this is an year , month - old male with history of cloacal exstrophy and previous mild right - side hydronephrosis . this is a followup . 1 . no significant interval growth of either kidney in this one year period . 2 . the right kidney remains stable in appearance with mild hydronephrosis and focal scar involve the mid and lower pole . 3 . normal appearing left kidney .  
nine - year male with left - side chest pain . pain is reportedly localize above and inferior to the nipple and lateral to the nipple at time . by report , this increase with activity . normal chest radiograph . no finding to account for symptom .  
chest pain . stable exam without radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease .  
14 year old female with chest pain in the left lower rib . normal chest radiograph without evidence of pneumothorax .  
year month - old female with chest pain . normal chest .  
chest pain while running . normal exam .  
13 year old with chest pain over the sternum . the lung are well - expand and clear . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are appreciate . note that chest radiographic technique is insufficient for detail evaluation of the sternal bone . if pain persist in this region , consider dedicate sternal film for additional evaluation .  
chest pain and tightening with heart racing . normal chest .  
left lower chest pain . rule - out pneumonia . normal chest .  
year - old boy with chest pain . normal chest x-ray .  
pain in rib area , right anterior mid chest near sternum . the rib and region of the sternum normal on plain image . a in january 2001 , tenting of the mid - right diaphragm and the right heart contour . spleen normal in this patient say to have a history of hodgkin disease .  
year - old female with chest pain . normal chest radiograph .  
13 year old with chest pain . no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease .  
this is an year - old female with history of pain on inspiration , right chest . rule out pneumothorax . normal exam .  
ten year old with chest pain x two week . the lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are appreciate . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural disease to explain chest pain .  
year - old female with chest pain and swelling in the anterior third and fourth rib ha be hit by a basketball . normal chest radiograph .  
chest pain , left side hit on coffee table . normal .  
chest pain with deep breath . no evidence of pneumothorax or pneumonia to explain the patient 's chest pain .  
year month - old male with chest pain . no acute cardiopulmonary disease .  
fell at school . chest pain . no fracture of the rib . lung clear .  
chest pain . normal chest study .  
year - old female with right upper chest pain . 1 . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality see . 2 . no chest wall abnormality demonstrate .  
year - old male with right lateral and anterior chest pain after fall on a chair in school . normal chest .  
chest pain , upper area . normal chest .  
year - old with chest pain . no acute finding .  
chest pain . segmentation abnormality of the mid thoracic spine . resultant scoliosis .  
14 year old with history of asthma . complain of chest pain . no infiltrate or effusion .  
chronic chest pain . mid thoracic curvature , possibly positional . otherwise normal chest .  
right - side chest pain for 1 1/2 week . normal chest .  
chest pain . elbow in rib at basketball practice with pain in the anterior axillary line on the left side . normal chest radiograph .  
year - old with recurrent left - side chest pain . negative chest .  
sickle cell with acute chest pain . persistent low lung volume with improve bibasilar air space disease . bony change are consistent with history of sickle cell disease .  
this is an 18 year old female with history of left chest pain . no focal abnormality detect .  
neurogenic bladder . followup . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of the kidney bilaterally with no notable growth from the prior study .  
followup in a patient with neurogenic bladder . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
neurogenic bladder . stable appearing renal ultrasound . the previously describe punctate echogenic focus within the left lower pole are stable . it is uncertain whether these are fat , vessel , or tiny calculus . in any case , they are unchanged . no hydronephrosis . interval growth of both kidney .  
neurogenic bladder . normal renal ultrasound .  
13 year 5 month old female with history of neurogenic bladder . this is a followup examination . stable sonographic evaluation of the kidney in a patient with neurogenic bladder .  
this is a year - old male with a history of a neurogenic bladder . the patient ha a mitrofanoff . normal renal ultrasound .  
this is an year - old male with a history of spina bifida and neurogenic bladder . patient ha have bladder augmentation surgery and ha a mitrofanoff . normal renal ultrasound .  
followup on a patient with a neurogenic bladder . normal study with interval growth .  
neurogenic bladder . followup . small renal size for the patient 's age . however , there ha be slight interval growth in the size of the kidney bilaterally and the patient is know to have small kidney . otherwise , unremarkable renal ultrasound . no evidence of bladder calculus .  
this patient ha know neurogenic bladder . the kidney now appear normal . the patient is postoperative bladder augmentation and the expect finding of debris and irregularity of the wall are apparent .  
neurogenic bladder , follow up . no change in mild fullness of the collecting system of the right kidney . no other change in the appearance of the kidney . following catheterization there is no post void residual .  
this is an year - old patient for routine followup and ha a history of neurogenic bladder . stable normal appearing , growing kidney bilaterally .  
this is a year - old patient who have a history of neurogenic bladder . the patient apparently have a brain injury . 1 . normal examination of the kidney . 2 . normal bladder and bladder function .  
followup on a year - old with neurogenic bladder status post augmentation . interval growth with no change in the appearance of the kidney .  
follow up urinary tract infection . neurogenic bladder . no significant change ; normal kidney .  
spina bifida , neurogenic bladder , for routine followup . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
neurogenic bladder status post final cord injury . interval growth of the kidney . however , when the bladder was distend there is new bilateral pelvicaliceal dilatation and ureteral dilatation . this could suggest the presence of reflux . the patient is to have a cystogram following the current renal ultrasound .  
year , month - old male with spina bifida and neurogenic bladder . normal kidney and bladder ultrasound .  
neurogenic bladder . resolution of right hydronephrosis .  
myelomeningocele , neurogenic bladder , spine bifid . improvement of the left lower pole collecting system dilatation . normal interval growth of the kidney . no other change .  
follow up on patient with neurogenic bladder and utis . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
this is an almost year - old female with history of spina bifida and neurogenic bladder . 1 . normal appearing kidney with no interval change in renal size since previous exam . 2 . finding consistent with neurogenic bladder .  
neurogenic bladder . know previous hydronephrosis and hydroureter on the right . 1 . essentially normal left kidney , which is upper normal for size . 2 . small echogenic right kidney with thin parenchyma , stable .  
year - old male with neurogenic bladder . 1 . 1.1 x 0.8 x 1.0 cm ill - define echogenic focus within the right kidney upper pole , which appear stable in comparison to the examination date 1/2/01 . this area is of unknown etiology and significance . nephrology consultation should be consider . further imaging should be base on this evaluation . 2 . normal sonographic appearance of the left kidney and bladder .  
follow up exam for year - old male with neurogenic bladder . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . irregular , trabeculated bladder .  
year , month - old female with history of neurogenic bladder , bladder augmentation and mitrofanoff . 1 . no significant growth of kidney , which may may be normal at this age . 2 . probable stable left upper pole cortical scar . 3 . no hydronephrosis .  
history of a neurogenic bladder with renal scar . this is a followup study . scar of both kidney more mark on the left than the right . urothelial thickening in the right kidney .  
spina bifida and neurogenic bladder dysfunction . satisfactory renal growth . bladder trabeculations compatible with neurogenic bladder dysfunction .  
spina bifida . neurogenic bladder . routine followup . to normal kidney demonstrate normal interval growth . no hydronephrosis .  
9 year month - old with a history of epispadias repair and neurogenic bladder . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
year - old female with history of neurogenic bladder and myelomeningocele for routine followup . the patient reportedly ha a vesicostomy . limited study with grossly normal appearing kidney .  
enuresis . normal interval growth .  
incomplete bladder emptying enuresis . 1 . interval growth of both the kidney . 2 . the bladder wall is mildly irregular .  
year - old male with history of enuresis . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old male with enuresis . normal renal ultrasound .  
9 year old female with history of urinary incontinence . the patient ha have prior urinary tract infection . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . the urinary bladder is displace anteriorly by a fluid fill structure in the pelvis thought to be a distend vagina . after voiding , the vagina is empty , the bladder is unchanged in volume but no longer displace . the retain fluid in the vagina may account for the patient 's symptom of incontinence .  
year - old female with enuresis . normal renal ultrasound .  
10 year month - old male with enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
enuresis . likely artificial echogenic focus within the central portion of the left kidney , otherwise normal renal ultrasound .  
enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
day and night enuresis . 1 . symmetric enlargement of both kidney , otherwise normal sonographic appearance . 2 . small post void residual .  
year - old female with anuresis . normal renal ultrasound .  
enuresis . 1 . normal kidney . 2 . bladder wall thickening , clinical correlation recommend to exclude infection or neurogenic bladder .  
incontinence . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
enuresis . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old female with enuresis . 1 . large postvoid residual with questionable thickening of the bladder suggest bladder dysfunction .  
13-1/2 - year - old nighttime anuresis and intermittent daytime enuresis . mother report that the patient is sometimes dry for several night in a row . upper normal asymmetry in renal size . the right doe not appear hypoplastic or scar and the left collecting system doe not appear duplicate , therefore this is most likely normal for this patient . otherwise normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year - old male with day and night enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
this is a year - old female patient with nighttime enuresis since january of this year . the patient complain of burning and redness in the perineum . 1 . this is a normal renal ultrasound .  
7-1/2 - year - old with history of bladder exstrophy , omphalocele , and incontinence . follow up . comparison is make with 1/2/01 . 1 . small echogenic focus within the lower pole right kidney , which could represent a calculus . the previously demonstrate focus within the mid pole of the right kidney is not see on the current study . 2 . otherwise , normal kidney bilaterally with interval growth .  
day and night time enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
urinary incontinence , daytime enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder , was small postvoid residual .  
enuresis , urinary incontinence . normal renal ultrasound .  
secondary enuresis . 1 . small kidney for age . however , the patient 's height is a 134 cm in the patient 's weight is 28.6 kilogram which result in a kidney size is normal for the patient 's size .  
month - old female with history of incontinence . comparison make to ultrasound examination from 1/2/01 . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
voiding dysfunction . previous history of patent urachus which was surgically repair . apart from the slight rotation of both kidney the study is normal .  
enuresis . the kidney have demonstrate interval renal growth , are normal in size for age , and demonstrate normal imaging characteristic .  
urinary incontinence . essentially normal renal ultrasound for age . small to moderate postvoid residual .  
nocturnal enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
this is a year month - old male with gross hematuria detect at the end of micturition on monday . the patient is asymptomatic . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
this patient present with hematuria . 1 . asymmetry of renal size . normally , the kidney are not different great than 1 cm . both kidney are within two standard deviation of normal except for the asymmetry . 2 . there is no evidence or obvious cause for the patient 's hematuria . no stone or mass were identify .  
year - old female with hematuria . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . minimal free fluid in pelvis , likely physiologic .  
hematuria . normal kidney , each measuring 7.7 cm in length .  
this is an 8 year old male with history of microscopic hematuria . mild right pyelectasis , otherwise normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
5 year old female with hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year - old male with recent onset of gross hematuria . history of bedwetting . normal renal ultrasound , include the bladder .  
year - old note to have microscopic hematuria on routine sport physical . normal renal ultrasound , include the bladder .  
almost year - old male with intermittent , gross hematuria since 1/2/01 . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . minimal bladder debris .  
microscopic hematuria . normal renal ultrasound .  
this patient have hematuria . patient recently have trauma to the right side of the abdomen . normal renal and bladder sonography .  
left flank pain and hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
hematuria . evaluate for stone . normal renal ultrasound .  
hematuria . normal renal ultrasound .  
pituitary and hematuria . evaluate . 1 . bilateral enlarge kidney the cause of which in view of the patient 's clinical history could be relate to glomerulonephritis . no hydronephrosis and no evidence of calculus .  
intermittent hematuria and calcium , no nephrocalcinosis . interval growth of normal appearing kidney , duplicate right kidney ; normal bladder .  
day - old male with hematuria . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old female with hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
hematuria . urinary tract infection . 1 . normal renal ultrasound .  
microscopic hematuria . normal exam . renal length are normal for the patient 's height .  
history of left flank pain and hematuria at the beginning of this month , when a ct scan demonstrate a nonobstructive calculus at the left ureterovesical junction . this is a followup study . the patient is currently asymptomatic . great than 1 cm difference in the size of the kidney . the small right kidney is normal for the patient 's age , while the left kidney is large for the patient 's age . appearance of the left kidney suggest a duplication although i do not see a band of tissue to suggest a complete duplication . i feel that this kidney is a normal kidney which may be partially duplicate .  
8 year month - old with dysuria and hematuria . no prior study for comparison . mild postvoid bladder residual . otherwise normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
gross hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
hematuria . the kidney are normal in size for age and demonstrate normal imaging characteristic .  
seven month old with wheeze , congestion . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway disease .  
nine year old with wheeze and secretion . interval clearing of bilateral air space disease since 1/2/01 and 1/2/01 . essentially normal chest .  
wheeze . normal heart and lung with minimal peribronchial thickening consistent with asthmatic bronchitis .  
wheeze since birth . no airway abnormality see .  
four month old with wheeze . pneumonia versus bronchiolitis . patchy opacity in the right upper lung zone , consistent with air space disease in the right upper lobe . infiltrate versus atelectasis .  
this is a three - year male with a history of recurrent wheeze , status post pneumonia three week ago -LRB- clinical -RRB- . rule out pneumonia . mild hyperinflation of both lung with a very small pneumomediastinum which is consistent with the patient 's history of wheeze . this was call to the pulmonologist fellow - on call at the time of the dictation .  
recurrent wheeze . normal chest .  
wheeze . clear lung .  
month - old male with wheeze . normal chest radiograph .  
wheeze . mild hyperinflation without focal pneumonia .  
two - year seven - month female with wheeze . normal chest x-ray without radiographic evidence of residual bronchopulmonary dysplasia .  
month - old male with wheeze . mild hyperinflation with no focal pneumonia .  
month - old male with wheeze . normal chest radiograph .  
patient with wheeze . normal chest x-ray .  
six - month male with wheeze . 1 . no focal consolidation or atelectasis in the lung . 2 . trachea is not clearly visualize . since the aortic arch and the descend thoracic aorta are also not clearly identify , further evaluation with a barium swallow examination can be perform to exclude a vascular ring such a a double aortic arch , etc. , compressing on the trachea .  
wheeze for two week . no fever . clear lung . hyperinflation may be relate to hyperreactive airway disease .  
wheeze . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway disease . no focal pneumonia .  
wheeze x 3 day , no fever or cough . normal two view of the chest without focal consolidation .  
wheeze . reactive airway picture of the chest with more focal air space disease / atelectasis medial right lung base and lingula .  
month - old female with upper respiratory symptom for three month , wheeze . 1 . increase in perihilar interstitial marking with associate peribronchial cuff , consistent with viral v reactive airway disease . 2 . no focal consolidation .  
wheeze . the examination is negative .  
year month - old male with history of wheeze . evaluate for abnormality of the chest . no pneumonia .  
year - old female with wheeze . no evidence of pneumonia .  
noisy breathing and wheeze / . normal two view of the chest .  
this is a year - old female with a prior history of urinary tract infection . normal followup ultrasound of the kidney with interval growth .  
year - old female with one episode of febrile urinary tract infection in the past . normal renal ultrasound study include the bladder .  
follow up patient with uti 's and reflux . no change in normal appearing kidney .  
this patient have a history of urinary tract infection . normal renal and bladder sonography .  
this is a 1 year 10 month old female with history of urinary tract infection . evaluate for cause of uti . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old female with a history of uti . normal exam .  
urinary tract infection approximately 6 week ago . the patient was febrile . normal bladder and renal sonography .  
year - old with history of reflux and multiple urinary tract infection . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
3 year month - old female with history of urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
2 year month - old female with 3 episode of utis in the past year . fever up to 103 degree . the most recent uti and was one month ago . 1 . significant renal size discrepancy with finding suggest right kidney scar , a above . 2 . normal appearing left kidney . 3 . normal bladder ultrasound .  
year - old female with 3 urinary tract infection in the last 6 month . normal kidney with mild upper pole caliectasis see only in supine position and intermittent visualization of the distal right ureter . voiding cystogram will be perform to exclude reflux .  
urinary tract infection , 3 week ago . fever 101 . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
2 urinary tract infection in the past 6 month . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
first uti , without fever . uti was 2-3 week ago . normal renal ultrasound examination .  
year , month - old with history of urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound . .  
patient with recent urinary tract infection approximately two week ago . patient ha have one previous urinary tract infection at approximately two year of age . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year - old female with multiple episode of urinary tract infection , one of which was febrile . 1 . mildly thicken bladder wall , which can be see with cystitis . correlate with clinical exam or laboratory finding . 2 . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound .  
multiple urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
5 month old with hydronephrosis , followup examination . moderate pelvic dilatation and mild calyceal dilatation of the right kidney with urothelial thickening , improve compare with the prior study .  
followup hydronephrosis . 1 . interval growth of both kidney , with persistent size discrepancy of great than 1 cm . 2 . mild left pyelectasis with associate urothelial thickening . the degree of distention of the left pelvis ha decrease since the prior study however .  
history of hydronephrosis and renal calculus . 1 . persistent bilateral mild pyelectasis . 2 . interval increase in size of right upper pole renal calculus with new mid to lower pole right renal calculus . growth of left mid pole calculus .  
abnormal prenatal ultrasound with hydronephrosis . bilateral pyelectasis , minimal on the right and mild to moderate on the left . the left kidney size is at the upper limit of normal .  
followup left hydronephrosis . 1 . stable sonographic appearance of the normal right kidney with minimal central pyelectasis . 2 . interval growth of left kidney with stable moderate left hydronephrosis and dilate ureter .  
year - old with history of left ureterocele and left mild hydronephrosis . . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . the minimal left pyelocaliectasis is unchanged . 2 . residual minimal soft tissue in region of previous left ureterocele .  
newborn with prenatal diagnosis of hydronephrosis . side not specify . 1 . left renal pyelectasis with a urothelial thickening . otherwise normal renal ultrasound .  
right hydronephrosis . persistent right - side pyelectasis or hydronephrosis .  
almost month - old female with prenatal diagnosis of left hydronephrosis . follow up exam . 1 . mild interval improvement in moderate left pyelectasis . 2 . normal right kidney . 3 . interval growth of bilateral kidney .  
left hydronephrosis . 1 . slightly decrease left hydronephrosis with persistent mild to moderate dilation of the renal pelvis . a before , this would be concern for a ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 2 . normal right kidney with growth .  
year , month - old male with history of left hydronephrosis . 1 . stable moderate left caliectasis compare with january 2001 . 2 . minimal interval renal growth bilaterally .  
day - old being evaluate for prenatal unilateral hydronephrosis . moderate right - side and mild left - side pyelectasis without hydroureter . otherwise normal appearance of newborn kidney .  
follow up right renal duplication and hydronephrosis . minimal residual lower pole pyelectasis in the duplex right kidney .  
hydronephrosis status post pyeloplasty . 1 . mild residual intrarenal dilatation of the left kidney with residual mild dilatation of the left renal pelvis .  
prenatal hydronephrosis on the right . slight asymmetry of renal size with the left being large . the patient may have left duplication . there is very mild left dilatation of the collecting system with urothelial thickening . this could be secondary to vesicoureteral reflux . the right kidney appear normal .  
prenatal hydronephrosis followup . 1 . mild / moderate right hydronephrosis . 2 . minimal left hydronephrosis . 3 . bilateral ureterocele with dilation of both distal ureter .  
9 year old with a positive ppd . normal chest radiograph .  
positive ppd . no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis .  
reactive ppd . normal chest radiograph .  
month - old female with positive ppd . normal chest radiograph .  
positive ppd . no acute abnormality of chest .  
positive ppd after bcg . asymptomatic , negative history . normal outside film .  
year - old with positive ppd . no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or evidence of tb .  
this is a year month - old male who ha be a know positive reaction to ppd since 2001 . no acute cardiopulmonary disease ; ha patient have bcg .  
know positive reactor in 2001 . chest clear .  
adopt positive ppd . suspect possible hilar adenopathy with left lower lobe air space disease . this is nonspecific for tuberculosis but must be consider . correlation with sputum may be worthwhile . finding were discuss with denise rankin 's office 1/2/01 .  
positive ppd . normal heart size with clear lung . no radiographic evidence of active tb .  
positive ppd . 1 . no radiographic evidence of active tb .  
tb or positive ppd , evaluate for tb . 1 . clear lung .  
year - old with positive ppd . right upper lobe linear density is favor to represent subsegmental atelectasis over early infiltrate . followup film may be consider .  
year - old female with positive ppd . no focal pneumonia .  
previous positive ppd . the examination is negative .  
three - year male with reactive airway disease and increase breath sound on the right . 1 . no feature of bacterial pneumonia . 2 . reactive airway disease , likely viral in etiology . presume subtle area of right middle lobe atelectasis .  
cough , asthma . 1 . hyperinflated lung consistent with the patient 's history of asthma . 2 . no focal consolidation is evident .  
left bilateral prominent asthma . stable chest .  
asthma , bronchiectasis and increase wheeze and chest tightness for the last four day . the lung are clear without finding to indicate hyperinflation , pneumonia , or acute reactive airway disease change .  
chest pain asthma . mildly hyperinflated lung without focal opacity .  
year - old male with asthma and cough over several week . normal chest .  
asthma , cough , recurrent infection . clear chest . questionable mm lucent lesion right posterior fifth rib . please see above discussion .  
year month - old male with reactive airway disease . chest radiograph within normal limit a above . no significant radiographic feature of reactive airway disease or evidence of pneumonia .  
five - year female with cough and fever . reactive airway disease , possibly a viral etiology . no feature of bacterial pneumonia .  
asthma . radiographically normal chest .  
cough for two week , possible pneumonia . reactive airway disease , no pneumonia .  
reactive airway disease . wheeze . normal chest radiograph .  
month - old with asthma . increase perihilar marking but no evidence of pneumonia .  
reactive airway disease . chest within normal limit .  
year - old girl with asthma . normal chest radiograph .  
cystic fibrosis . chest within normal limit .  
yearly checkup for cystic fibrosis . in the interval , there ha be minimal change in the appearance of the chest . there is mild perihilar , peribronchial thickening . however , no focal infiltrate have develop . cardiac and mediastinal silhouette remains normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
cystic fibrosis yearly exam . stomach is greatly dilate with gas and fluid . however , the heart and lung appear normal .  
cystic fibrosis . low lung volume ; otherwise , clear chest .  
nine - year female with cystic fibrosis , yearly followup . rule out new infiltrate . minimal new change in the right lower lobe . finding consistent with cystic fibrosis .  
year - old with cystic fibrosis for yearly evaluation . stable to slightly less apparent change with mild know cystic fibrosis .  
year month - old male with know cystic fibrosis , yearly evaluation is request . 1 . mild increase in the interstitial thickening within the left upper lobe and lung base bilaterally with otherwise stable chest radiograph .  
cystic fibrosis with increase cough and sinus symptom . the moderate streaky plus peribronchial change from cystic fibrosis in the lung are unchanged compare to january and no new confluent infiltrate is see .  
cystic fibrosis . no acute cardiopulmonary disease .  
cystic fibrosis . yearly followup . stable appearance of the heart and lung with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality .  
year - old with cystic fibrosis . no acute cardiopulmonary disease .  
cf yearly evaluation . essentially normal chest radiograph .  
this is a year - old female with cystic fibrosis . this is a yearly evaluation . very mild peribronchial cuff consistent with patient 's know history of cystic fibrosis . this is not significantly change allow for better aeration on today 's exam when compare with the exam from 1/2/01 .  
year - old with cystic fibrosis , yearly evaluation . no radiographic abnormality see of the chest .  
cystic fibrosis , anniversary visit . spleen appear small . the patient 's diffuse peribronchial thickening see 1/2/01 is similar in extent . heart remains normal .  
three - year female with chronic cough . 1 . small band of atelectasis in the left lower lobe . 2 . otherwise clear lung .  
cough . atelectasis at the right lung base with associate hyperinflation , most likely represent viral or reactive airway disease .  
right middle lobe collapse . persistent partial right middle lobe collapse , although improve .  
fever and cough . area of plate - like atelectasis in the right middle lobe . no focal pneumonia is see .  
cough . band - like area of atelectasis in the right lower lobe . no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia .  
this is a two - year male with history of fever and tachypnea , no pneumonia . finding consistent with viral v reactive airway disease with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe . no focal pneumonia note .  
year - old female with cough and concern for pneumonia . finding most likely represent reactive airway disease or viral infection with left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis .  
cough . right middle lobe subsegmental atelectasis . otherwise clear lung .  
on january nd , the patient have a plate - like area of atelectasis in the left lower lobe . this is a follow up image . normal chest .  
nine - month female , status post cardiac arrest . persistent pulmonary opacity with increase atelectasis of the left upper lobe . tube and line a discuss above .  
cough . mild hyperinflation , left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis .  
spinal muscular atrophy with long standing but variable right upper lobe atelectasis . increase right upper lobe atelectasis in a patient who ha have waxing and waning right upper lobe atelectasis on multiple prior examination . less well define opacity in the superior segment of the right lower lobe which was not see on prior study . this could represent a new area of atelectasis or an area of pneumonia .  
cough and wheeze . possible early pneumonia involve the lingula and possibly the right middle lobe .  
cough and wheeze . finding most consistent with tracheomalacia .  
five year old with all , present with cough , congestion and wheeze . 1 . no new focal pneumonia . 2 . interval resolution of previously describe left lower lobe opacity .  
year - old female with cough and wheeze for several week . evaluate for abnormality . probable band of atelectasis see on lateral view only . no pneumonia .  
cough and wheeze . no focal pneumonia .  
cough and wheeze . no infiltrate . heart normal .  
month - old girl with cough and wheeze . 1 . mild peribronchial thickening suggestive of reactive airway disease versus viral infection . 2 . no focal infiltrate to indicate pneumonia .  
coughing , wheeze and stuffy head . the lung are clear .  
month - old with chronic cough and wheeze . the lung are well expand and clear . there is no hyperinflation . the perihilar marking are within normal limit . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
year - old male with cough and wheeze that ha get worse since the weekend . bibasilar opacity and right upper lobe opacity . these could represent either atelectasis or pneumonia but given the bilaterality and the age mycoplasma a well a other atypical pneumonia should be include in the differential diagnosis .  
year - old female with cough and wheeze . normal chest x-ray .  
this is a 2 year 2 month old female with history of wheeze and cough for two week . normal chest x-ray .  
month - old male with hemihypertrophy . abdominal ultrasound normal abdominal ultrasound . please see renal ultrasound of same day for discussion of kidney . renal ultrasound normal sonographic appearance of both kidney , however there ha be asymmetric growth with the left large than right . there are no finding to suggest underlie mass or scar or edematous change from pyelonephritis .  
year - old female with beckwith wiedemann syndrome is refer for follow up . no significant interval change since the previous study . both kidney are normal in appearance , without mass to suggest development of renal tumor .  
williams syndrome . normal renal ultrasound .  
beckwith wiedemann syndrome . normal kidney .  
month - old female with williams syndrome . normal renal ultrasound , include the bladder .  
beckwith wiedemann syndrome , evaluate for possible tumor . normal abdominal ultrasound and renal ultrasound , specifically without evidence of mass or other abnormality .  
beckwith wiedemann syndrome . no focal renal mass .  
beckwith - wiedemann syndrome . normal interval growth in normal appearing kidney .  
year , month - old with hemihypertrophy . follow up examination . abdomen : normal abdominal ultrasound . kidney : normal renal ultrasound . no evidence of mass .  
beckwith wiedemann syndrome . evaluate for mass . 1 . large bilateral kidney for this age which are otherwise normal in appearance without evidence of a mass .  
hemihypertrophy . normal renal ultrasound .  
this is a patient with meningomyelocele and neurogenic bladder . normal renal ultrasound in a patient with neurogenic bladder .  
neurogenic bladder with myelomeningocele repair . patient is 10 month old . normal renal ultrasound .  
myelomeningocele neurogenic bladder . minimal pyelectasis , stable to improve when compare to the previous study . similar size kidney with interval growth of right kidney , left kidney measure similarly .  
this patient ha know myelomeningocele and spina bifida with neurogenic bladder . stable appearance of the kidney and bladder in this patient with know neurogenic bladder . little growth ha occur however the last exam was do only 3 month previously . mild dilatation of the intrarenal pelvis is see on the left .  
neurogenic bladder , spina bifida , followup . normal renal ultrasound .  
this is a year - old female with history of myelomeningocele and neurogenic bladder . this is a followup . normal renal ultrasound . neurogenic bladder .  
history of myelomeningocele and neurogenic bladder . patient ha a vesicostomy . 1 . there ha be minimal if any interval growth of the kidney . both kidney are within 2 standard deviation of normal for age . 2 . there is no hydronephrosis .  
followup on a spina bifida patient with neurogenic bladder . normal study with interval growth .  
year - old now with history of neurogenic bladder and tether cord . no significant interval change .  
year , month - old male with neurogenic bladder . 1 . myelomeningocele with neurogenic bladder . 2 . normal appearing kidney with interval growth .  
year - old for routine followup of renal growth . patient ha myelomeningocele , neurogenic bladder , status post bladder augmentation , on clean intermittent catheterization . 1 . interval growth of both kidney , without current evidence of hydronephrosis or nephrolithiasis . 2 . new left upper pole cortical cyst , a describe above . no additional cystic disease is identify . 3 . echogenic focus within the bladder lumen . interval resolution / removal of the dependent , shadowing bladder stone . 4 . enlarge left ovary contain both a simple anechoic cyst and echogenic area suggest hemorrhagic cyst . neither area in the left ovary exceed 3 cm in diameter , the threshold for a followup ultrasound scan .  
year - old with history of bilateral ureteral reimplantation . 1 . minimal growth of the kidney compare to last study . the left kidney is great than the right kidney size likely relate to moderate pyelectasis . the pelvicaliceal dilatation ha slightly increase bilaterally . 2 . new dilatation of the distal ureter . recommend clinical correlation and possible further urologic evaluation .  
this is a year - old female status post deflux procedure . this is her second followup ultrasound after the procedure . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . 2 . stable mild left lower pole pyelectasis in patient with left duplex kidney . 3 . normal - appearing right kidney .  
followup left pyeloplasty . stable sonographic appearance of the kidney with mild to moderate right and moderate left pyelectasis compatible with residual ectasia .  
this patient ha have surgery in the left kidney for ureteropelvic junction obstruction . the patient have prior placement of this stent which was subsequently remove . intermittently , the patient ha severe episode of left abdominal pain and despite pain therapy , and pain management , his behavior is abnormal and he cry of pain . 1 . normal right kidney . 2 . mild pyelectasis , which appear slightly improve over the past several examination . these result were convey to the parent .  
day - old male with mild pyelectasis . 1 . prominent renal pelvis bilaterally with mild calyceal dilatation . 2 . distal ureteral dilatation bilaterally . 3 . dilation vary over time suggest that reflux is more likely than obstruction .  
status post pyeloplasty of the right kidney . this is a follow up study . stable mild right pelvicaliceal dilatation and mild left pyelectasis . symmetric interval growth of both kidney .  
this is a month - old male patient with history of left - side ureteropelvic junction obstruction detect in utero . 1 . mark pyelectasis of the left kidney , unchanged from the prior study . 2 . minimal dilatation of the right renal pelvis , unchanged from the prior exam .  
this patient is familiar a i do her previous ultrasound from january 2 , 2001 . the patient is postoperative bilateral stent placement from january 2 , 2001 . the right kidney ha stable intrarenal dilatation of the collecting system following stent placement . on the left , the patient ha moderate intrarenal dilatation of the collecting system which ha increase since the exam of january 2 . however , the clot appear less obvious and is small . recommendation on next imaging : the prone imaging is the most valuable for assess this patient . recommend prone imaging be obtain . at the next exam , assess the bladder which also be informative to u to determine the size of the clot , stent position , and also ureteral dilatation . the result of the study were discuss with the mother .  
four day of abdominal pain . the stomach is quite full of food and fluid . it is just after lunch time . the colon ha moderate stool . otherwise normal .  
abdominal pain , no pneumonia . normal chest .  
abdominal pain , nonspecific . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old male with history of urethral cyst . abdominal pain . normal renal ultrasound .  
abdominal pain . chest clear , heart normal .  
right side flank pain , evaluate for renal stone . 1 . essentially unremarkable renal sonogram .  
flank pain . normal renal ultrasound .  
this patient ha intermittent acute abdominal pain . most recently , the patient have an ultrasound do yesterday to exclude intussusception . there was no evidence of intussusception . in addition , the patient have a renal ultrasound do 5 day previously which was normal . normal abdominal ultrasound . normal renal ultrasound . an underlie cause for the patient 's clinical symptom is not apparent .  
year - old female to evaluate for renal parenchymal calcification or calculus . the previously perform ct of the thoracic spine was suspicious for hyperdense area in the kidney which could represent calcification . normal ultrasound study of kidney and urinary bladder .  
renal calculus . stable calculus in the lower pole of the left kidney .  
reevaluate for renal stone . two new renal calculus are now identify in the upper pole of the right and left kidney .  
this is a 16 year 7 month old female with a history of renal calculus in the right kidney . examination is compare with the study from 1/2/01 . 1 . 5 mm renal calculus in the mid portion of the right kidney with no significant hydronephrosis . 2 . normal appearing left kidney .  
follow up of right renal calculus . no significant interval change since the previous study . hyperechoic focus in the mid pole of the right kidney with some shadowing , is likely the stone see previously .  
renal stone . bilateral nonobstructing renal stone .  
this is a year - old female with history of the suspect right renal calculus discover on a routine renal ultrasound at 1 year of age . stable appearance of 2 renal stone in the lower pole of the right kidney .  
urinary tract infection . followup hydronephrosis . history of posterior urethral valve . 1 . right hydronephrosis , slightly decrease . hydroureter , stable . 2 . small scar left kidney with slightly increase left hydroureter and no caliectasis but slight enlargement of the left renal pelvis . 3 . trabeculated bladder . 4 . no interval growth since 1/2/01 of either kidney .  
month day - old male with duplex left kidney with hydronephrosis and hydroureter of the upper pole moiety . 1 . duplex kidney on the left side with at least moderate hydronephrosis and hydroureter of the upper pole moiety with upper pole parenchymal thinning , unchanged from previous study . there ha be interval growth of the left kidney . 2 . normal - appearing right kidney with interval growth .  
megaureter hydronephrosis . borderline size discrepancy of kidney , left measure large than right . transient mild distal hydroureter , left great than right , especially note in the bladder is fill . this is not identify on initial partially fill bladder image .  
followup right megaureter . hydronephrosis . 1 . interval improvement in right - side hydronephrosis , now mild . moderate right hydroureter remains stable . interval renal growth . otherwise stable study .  
day - old female with prenatal history of right - side hydronephrosis . 1 . moderate right hydronephrosis and proximal hydroureter with the appearance of u p j obstruction . 2 . renal size discrepancy due to hydronephrotic right kidney . 3 . urothelial thickening on the left .  
5 year - old female status post right deflux procedure and present with right hydronephrosis and infection . improve appearance of the right kidney with resolution of hydronephrosis and decrease size of the hydroureter .  
reflux . normal interval growth of the kidney bilaterally . very minimal pyelectasis on the left which ha improve since previous examination .  
history of right - side hydronephrosis , with tortuous right hydroureter and left - side vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval mark improvement in appearance of the right kidney with resolution of mark hydronephrosis and hydroureter . there is residual mild lower pole caliectasis of the right kidney . 2 . normal left kidney .  
year - old female with history of bilateral grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . small right kidney with urothelial thickening and pyelectasis . 2 . normal size left kidney with mild pyelectasis and urothelial thickening . 3 . mild bladder wall mucosal irregularity .  
followup in the patient with bilateral grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . prior ultrasound and cystogram suggest a duplicate collecting system on the left . stable mild left lower pole pyelectasis . otherwise normal sonographic appearance of the kidney .  
deflux injection prior reflux . 1 . normal right kidney however no interval growth . 2 . minimal pyelectasis of the left kidney and urothelial thickening unchanged .  
followup bilateral reflux . bilateral growth of normal size kidney . no change in mild bilateral pyelocaliectasis .  
horseshoe kidney . interval growth of horseshoe kidney .  
routine followup in a patient with history of left - side duplicate kidney and reimplantation surgery . interval growth of normal appearing kidney . left kidney is duplicate .  
8 year - old with left renal collecting system duplication initially see on mri of the lumbar spine and confirm on previous sonography now for routine followup . interval growth of both kidney without change in the uncomplicated duplication on the left .  
patient with horseshoe kidney . followup study . horseshoe kidney with interval growth of both moiety without complicate feature . each renal moiety measure low end of normal but measurement may be inaccurate due to nonconventional lie of kidney .  
horseshoe or pelvic kidney , ureteral abnormality . status post bladder augmentation . 1 . interval growth of both pelvic kidney . on today 's examination however there is mild dilatation of the right pelvic calyceal system and minimal increase in the dilatation of the left pelvic calyceal system . 2 . status post bladder augmentation with irregular bladder wall .  
this is a month day - old female with a history of prenatal hydronephrosis and left grade v vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . 2 . decompression of both renal collecting system , with only minimal calyceal distention on today 's exam .  
591 hydronephrosis . grade 4 vesicoureteric reflux on left . the possibility is not rule out that the ureterocele open into the vagina or a urogenital sinus or the fourchette .  
hydronephrosis reflux . 1 . interval growth of the abnormal right kidney -LRB- likely medical renal disease -RRB- , without other change since prior exam .  
1 year old with history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux , left side hydronephrosis on prenatal ultrasound . 1 . normal right kidney . 2 . mild left hydronephrosis due to know high grade reflux . both kidney show interval growth .  
year , month - old male with history of bilateral grade 5 reflux . patient receive deflux surgery on the right in january 2001 and left ureterostomy with recent reimplantation on january 2001 . patient with history of multiple stent placement in the past . patient currently with left postoperative ureteric stent . 1 . mild to moderate left - side hydronephrosis which appear improve when compare to preoperative moderate to severe hydronephrosis see on january 2 , 2001 . 2 . stable appearance the right kidney without hydronephrosis .  
year - old female status post amplatzer device placement in the heart present for followup . lung are clear . stable postoperative change with sternotomy wire and amplatzer device a describe above .  
status post bladder reconstruction . followup ultrasound . interval growth of normal - appearing kidney .  
status post left ureteral reimplantation . interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
followup for ureteral reimplantation . stable normal appearing kidney .  
year - old with history of bladder exstrophy , status post gastrocystoplasty and mitrofanoff . followup examination . comparison is make with 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound .  
bilateral pyeloplasty for ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 1 . interval growth of right kidney . mild to moderate right hydronephrosis . 2 . decrease size of left kidney . mild to moderate left hydronephrosis .  
history of left ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 1 . minimal interval growth of normal appearing right kidney 2 . no significant change of severe left hydronephrosis consistent with left ureteropelvic junction obstruction .  
year , month - old male with history of right ureteropelvic junction obstruction status post pyeloplasty on 1/2/01 . 1 . stable significant right hydronephrosis ; however , there ha be some decrease in the caliceal distention status post right pyeloplasty . 2 . normal left kidney .  
bilateral ureteropelvic junction obstruction repair at different time . left ureteral stent with persistent left hydronephrosis . 1 . hydronephrosis of the left kidney with stent in place which is subtle great hydronephrosis than prior exam . there is improvement when patient void , but the hydronephrosis is still worse than prior exam .  
patient ha a history of meningomyelocele . some interval growth in two normal appearing kidney .  
38 month old male with history of spina bifida . no prior study are available at this institution for comparison . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of both kidney . 2 . mild bladder wall thickening with suggestion of trabeculation . multiple bladder diverticulum may give a similar appearance .  
patient ha history of myelomeningocele . this is a followup study . some interval growth of two normal kidney in a patient with know myelomeningocele .  
myelomeningocele patient for followup . grossly normal kidney with no significant change .  
cough , fever , wheeze . flatten diaphragm and peribronchial thickening consistent with asthmatic bronchitis .  
three - year female with cough and wheeze a well a fever . the patient ha be ill for two day . finding worrisome for right lower lobe pneumonia .  
this is a year - old male with a history of cough , wheeze and low grade fever . no focal pneumonia .  
2 year 3 month old female with fever and cough for three day with wheeze . no pneumonia is see . however , there is peribronchial cuff and increase perihilar marking compatible with viral or reactive airway disease .  
followup on a 1-1/2 - year - old with caudal regression and neurogenic bladder . bilateral renal growth and mild bilateral hydronephrosis which ha decrease on the left .  
year - old female with a left pelvic kidney , neurogenic bladder and severe reflux to the left kidney . left pelvic kidney stable in the degree of hydronephrosis cause by vesicoureteral reflux with bladder filling . the bladder is trabeculated and thicken compatible with neurogenic bladder .  
myelomeningocele . neurogenic bladder . stable appearance of the kidney . scar right kidney mild / moderate hydronephrosis .  
neurogenic bladder . decrease hydronephrosis . stable kidney size .  
this patient ha history of urinary tract infection and bilateral grade ii vesicoureteral reflux . the patient have the infection in the spring of 04 . on daily basis , the patient is on bactrim therapy . the right kidney doe not appear to have grow . there is no hydronephrosis or hydroureter . intrinsically , the kidney appear normal . however , failure of growth of the kidney may reflect the patient ha recurrent infection , scar or reflux .  
this is a 9 year old patient with one episode of urinary tract infection and hematuria with no fever . the purpose of the study was to evaluate for renal growth a the patient previously was diagnose a have a scar on the lower pole of the left kidney . by voiding cystourethrogram , the patient have grade ii left vesicoureteral reflux . renal scar of the lower pole of the left kidney . a very small amount of interval growth ha occur since last exam .  
year month - old female with history of urinary tract infection . patient have nuclear cystogram and was found to have left grade ii vesicoureteral reflux . last ultrasound of jan 27 , 2001 demonstrate little growth of the right kidney compare to the left , otherwise stable renal ultrasound . 1 . normal renal ultrasound with interval growth of the both kidney .  
year - old female with history of recurrent urinary tract infection and right - side grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of the kidney without evidence of hydronephrosis . 2 . dependent debris within the urinary bladder .  
fever . tachypnea . 1 . bilateral peribronchial thickening suggestive of reactive airway disease or viral pneumonia . 2 . right middle lobe atelectasis versus pneumonia .  
pneumonia . increase right - side airspace disease , atelectasis v pneumonia .  
cough , fever and vomiting . rule out infiltrate . no infiltrate . prominent shadow in middle mediastinum likely represent confluence of pulmonary vein , but is high in the mediastinum than expect . followup chest xray would be helpful in 6 to 8 week . finding discuss with physician on 1/2/01 .  
year - old male with a history of pyloroplasty present with cough and fever and emesis . nonobstructive bowel gas pattern .  
almost one - year with urinary tract infection , febrile . 1 . mild right pyelectasis with likely dilate distal ureter . 2 . normal left kidney .  
month - old female patient with a one febrile urinary tract infection . 1 . minimal left - side pyelectasis see only on the supine image . 2 . the right and left kidney are normal in size for age .  
month - old female with cough . normal chest with mild hypoventilation .  
year - old male with cough and sudden onset of breathlessness since yesterday . mild peribronchial thickening which may be see in acute viral illness or reactive airway disease with no pneumonia .  
year - old with hematuria and proteinuria . normal renal ultrasound .  
proteinuria and hematuria . 1 . under - distention of the urinary bladder ; the patient may be mildly dehydrate , given the history provide by the mother . 2 . no sonographic abnormality of the kidney are identify .  
year month - old female with history of vesicoureteral reflux . the patient ha know left renal duplication and possible right duplication . please evaluate kidney . no significant interval growth of the kidney in comparison to 1/2/01 . again note is a left renal duplication and possible right renal duplication .  
4 year 3 month old female with history of vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval growth of both kidney , with the left kidney growing more than the right . no hydronephrosis or obvious scar see . 2 . prominent column of bertin or partial duplication of left kidney . 3 . normal bladder ultrasound .  
one - year female with neurogenic bladder and spina bifida . 1 . interval growth of both kidney . stable mild right pyelectasis and minimal left pyelectasis . 2 . kidney continue to be small for age .  
followup on a patient with neurogenic bladder . improvement in left pyelocaliectasis and otherwise no significant change . abnormal corticomedullary differentiation suggest possible nephrocalcinosis .  
4 year month - old with afebrile uti . partial versus complete duplication of the left kidney .  
febrile uti . both kidney demonstrate partial or complete duplication . there are otherwise normal . a small residuum is see in the bladder postvoid .  
day and night wetting . ha foster parent . urinary tract infection . normal r .2 ; l .0 cm .  
enuresis and urinary tract infection . normal . r = 9.2 ; l = 9.3 cm .  
year - old female with grade 1/2 bilateral vesicoureteral reflux determine on prior cystogram date january 2 , 2001 . recent uti at end of january , 2001 , with a fever of 104 ? f 1 . small , scar right kidney , below more than 2 standard deviation in size for patient 's age . . 2 . mild compensatory hypertrophy of left kidney , with otherwise normal size and interval growth .  
6 year old with complex urogenital anomaly , 6 week post deflux injection for left - side vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . surgically absent right kidney . 2 . interval growth of remain left kidney , length indicate compensatory hypertrophy . 3 . deflux mound in the bladder , without evidence of hydroureter or hydronephrosis .  
year - old with previous vesicoureteral reflux status post deflux procedure . normal renal ultrasound .  
6 year month - old female with history of bilateral grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . slight interval growth of the normal appearing kidney in comparison to 1/2/01 . 2 . no hydronephrosis or complication relate to deflux procedure .  
year , month - old male with history of right ureteral reimplantation and resection of right bladder base diverticulum . patient ha urinary and stool incontinence . 1 . no interval growth of kidney . the bilateral mild pyelectasis ha decrease from the previous study . 2 . mild to moderate postvoid residual in urinary bladder .  
recurrent urinary tract infection and enuresis . ha know left duplex kidney with nonobstructive ureterocele . 1 . normal right kidney . 2 . interval growth see of duplex left kidney with nonobstructive ureterocele .  
history of the urinary reflux with deflux injection . 1 . status post deflux injection at the ureteral vesicular junction . 2 . decrease hydroureter bilaterally . 3 . mild pyelectasis with urothelial thickening bilaterally , unchanged .  
month - old male with mild pyelectasis see in prior ultrasound date 1/2/01 . 1 . decrease pelvicaliceal dilatation bilaterally . 2 . decrease bilateral hydroureter . 3 . interval growth of kidney .  
renal anomaly duplex left kidney . history of reflux . stable ultrasound examination of sonographically normal appearing kidney .  
year - old status post deflux procedure . 1 . patient 's status post deflux procedure . 2 . left duplicate kidney . 3 . no evidence of hydronephrosis or renal scar . 4 . large amount of stool within the colon , possibly represent constipation .  
fever and wheeze in a three - month male . normal chest radiograph .  
wheeze and fever . no focal pneumonia .  
hematuria . mild right pyelectasis . otherwise normal .  
year - old female with incontinence and dysuria . urinary tract infection 7 month ago . report hematuria . 1 . mild bilateral pyelectasis . 2 . mild post void bladder residual .  
horseshoe kidney , reflux . horseshoe kidney with persistent unchanged pyelectasis of the upper pole of the left kidney . the lack of growth of the right side may be difference in measurement a horseshoe kidney are difficult to measure .  
4 urinary tract infection . mild left pyelectasis . mild asymmetry in size of the kidney with the left kidney large for patient 's age .  
four - year female with fever x 2 day and cough x 1 week . question pneumonia . reactive airway disease , likely of viral etiology . no radiographic feature of bacterial pneumonia .  
fever , cough and asthma . no pneumonia . peribronchial cuff which could be due to reactive airway disease or viral infection . the finding were discuss with the refer physician on january 2 , 2001 while review the study .  
hematuria , urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year - old girl with urinary tract infection and hematuria . normal renal ultrasound .  
malaise with fever and sore throat . normal chest .  
fever and sore throat . chest within normal limit .  
three day history of cough , fever , and shortness of breath . no comparative film . there is a band of opacity extend into the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe , consistent with pneumonia . no associate effusion .  
this is a year - old male with history of shortness of breath , cough , wheeze , and fever . right upper lobe volume loss and probably pneumonia . a small amount of adenopathy can not be completely exclude although there are no other finding of adenopathy or pleural effusion .  
year month - old female with cough and shortness of breath but no fever . evaluate for pneumonia . no pneumonia or other finding to explain cough .  
year month - old male with cough and shortness of breath for one week . evaluate for pneumonia . no pneumonia .  
fever . 1 . viral or reactive airway disease . no focal pneumonia .  
fever . viral or reactive airway disease . no focal pneumonia .  
3 day of mid - quadrant pain without evidence of cough . single ap of the abdomen doe not reveal the etiology of the patient 's pain . it appear near normal except for minimal prominence of bowel loop in the right lower quadrant .  
year - old female with left flank and abdominal pain . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . normal abdominal ultrasound .  
hematuria , left flank pain . no sonographic abnormality see of the kidney or bladder .  
year month - old male with history of left - side flank pain x week , microscopic hematuria . normal renal ultrasound ; there ha be no significant change in the size of the kidney .  
fever to 104 degree today , increase respiratory rate , intercostal retraction , diffuse rhonchus on exam . 1 . no focal pneumonia . 2 . reactive airway disease versus viral change .  
history of asthma with cough and fever . normal chest radiograph .  
uti with fever . bilateral hydroureteronephrosis . diffuse scar lower pole right kidney .  
febrile uti evaluate for possible reflux . mild hydronephrosis on the left with suggestion of minimal decrease following partial voiding .  
year - old male with chest tightness . no acute disease .  
asthma . 1 . slight prominence of central marking is consistent with patient 's know history of reactive airway disease . 2 . minimal left basilar atelectasis .  
3 year old female with febrile urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound with a hugely distend bladder on initial imaging and moderate postvoid residual .  
year - old female with gross hematuria and increase frequency . 1 . bladder wall appear mildly prominent , with moderate amount of intraluminal debris . 2 . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound .  
unilateral kidney . evaluate for hydronephrosis . solitary left kidney with normal appearance .  
year - old with urethral anomaly and drainage . 1 . normal kidney . 2 . nonspecific echogenic debris within the bladder with small residual .  
history of hydronephrosis of the left kidney with bilateral vesicoureteral reflux . stable moderately severe left - side hydronephrosis and hydroureter .  
cough . patient is adopt from uganda and ha a positive ppd skin test . normal study .  
merely a year - old with recurrent utis . prior cystograms normal x , trace grade 1 reflux x . have be on suppressive antibiotic . recently discontinue , now with recent e coli uti . moderate postvoid bladder residual with mild bladder wall thickening , nonspecific but may be relate to recent urinary tract infection / cystitis . otherwise interval growth of normal appearing kidney .  
13-1/2 - year - old with recent urinary tract and traction and fever . horseshoe kidney . no complication from pyelonephritis are see .  
none given . normal chest .  
cough and vomiting . normal chest .  
year - old male with history of a single afebrile urinary tract infection in january with gross hematuria for a week . the patient was treat with antibiotic . mild left pyelectasis and ureterectasis . otherwise normal renal ultrasound . the bladder appear normal although there is a small to moderate post void residual .  
turner syndrome . 1 . normal right renal ultrasound include the bladder . 2 . partially duplicate left kidney . no hydronephrosis .  
this is a month - old male with wheeze . borderline hyperinflation with left lower lobe atelectasis versus pneumonia . clinical correlation would be helpful . unless there is clinical information supporting pneumonia such a fever and cough , i favor atelectasis .  
8 year old female with cough . the patient ha generalize lymphadenopathy . clear lung .  
intermittent increase work of breathing since birth without fever or cough . there are several episode where the patient gasp for air and ha difficulty breathing while in a car seat . the patient calm down and catch his breath when the mom talk to him . she report funny sound , gasp while sleeping . the increase perihilar lung marking may represent mild viral or reactive airway disease v artifact from mildly low lung volume . i suspect the former . could this patient be aspirate .  
six - year male with cough , wheeze , and loss of appetite . reactive airway disease with probable right middle lobe atelectasis , v retain secretion , v early right middle lobe pneumonia .  
enuresis and hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
right lower lobe pneumonia , cough , followup . persistent right lower lobe opacity with pleural effusion present , slightly improve since prior radiograph of two day previous .  
this is a year - old male with a history of cough and previous renal transplant . no focal pneumonia .  
first time febrile urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
neurogenic bladder . deflux procedure . reflux on the left . persistent renal size discrepancy . no evidence of hydronephrosis or scar see .  
cough . mild reactive airway disease with hyperinflation .  
this patient have a history of left ureteral stone . comparison is make to prior imaging of 1/2/01 . 1 . small 7 x 4 mm renal calculus in the renal pelvis causing mild left hydronephrosis . 2 . possible intrarenal left stone is also note .  
cough , acute pharyngitis . normal examination .  
year month - old male with cough and chest pain . there is mild peribronchial cuff without air trapping or focal pneumonia . the finding at most reflect mild viral or reactive airway disease .  
year - old female with fever and chest pain . normal chest radiograph .  
year month - old male with a history of wiskott - aldrich syndrome . status - post bone marrow transplant 1/2 . patient is complain of cough . no fever x week . no focal pneumonia .  
bilateral ureteral reimplants , history of duplication . interval growth of both kidney with bilateral duplication and mild central prominence of the duplicate collecting system . no change in mild diffuse cortical thinning of the right upper moiety .  
history of bilateral grade 5 reflux , status post bilateral deflux injection and subsequent bilateral ureteral reimplantation surgery . the patient recently have a suprapubic catheter remove . 1 . no change in small scar right kidney . no change in area scar of left kidney . 2 . right hydroureter . 3 . large post void bladder residual .  
year - old woman with history of reflux and urinary tract infection . normal renal ultrasound include the bladder .  
year , month - old female with a urinary tract infection . history of vesicoureteral reflux . mild right urothelial thickening . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound .  
