eleven year old with all , bone Bone_Marrow Transplants on jan 2 , now with three day history of Cough . 1 . no focal Pneumonia . likely chronic change at the left Lung base . 2 . mild anterior wedge of the thoracic vertebral body .  
six year old with history of Cough for one week . the Lung are clear . question prominent hilar lymph node , left great than right , which could be reactive in nature .  
four month old with history of Cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax .  
sixteen and a half year old Male with history of Wrestling Wounds_and_Injuries to the left Neck and Shoulder . some pleural fluid was demonstrate on the prior day 's mri . the Patients ha have Cough . please evaluate . normal chest x-ray . please see above finding .  
Cough , Tachypnea . 1 . right middle lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis v Pneumonia . 2 . interval resolution of right lower lobe opacity .  
Cough . no focal Pneumonia . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway Disease .  
Cough . mild perihilar bronchial wall thickening may represent either viral Infection or reactive airway Disease .  
none given . normal Thorax in a Patients who apparently ha multiple Hypersensitivity and recurrent Cough .  
Cough . the Lung have clear considerably compare to january 3rd and are now consider within normal limit a is the cardiac shadow .  
Cough . patchy Disease is see in the lingula which could represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis or early infiltrate .  
persistent Cough for last few week and runny Nose . normal Thorax .  
5 year old Female with 3 week of coughing . the Patients is status post a 10 day course of antibiotic . right Lung base band - like opacity which most likely represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the context of viral airway Disease .  
Cough . peribronchial thickening which can be see with viral Disease . no focal Pneumonia .  
year - old Female with Cough . normal Thorax .  
two - year Female with Cough off and on for a month -LRB- Research_Report state rsv nasal wash -RRB- . no radiographic feature of Pneumonia .  
6 year old Female with Cough of 4 day duration . normal Thorax radiograph .  
eight - year Male with Cough . normal Thorax .  
2-1/2 - year - old Female with Cough . clear Lung . no evidence of focal Pneumonia .  
month - old Male with Cough , no Pneumonia . mild peribronchial thickening which may be relate to reactive airway Disease or acute viral illness with no Pneumonia or hyperinflation .  
22 month old with Cough . normal .  
chronic Cough , worse at night . normal Thorax .  
Cough . increase pulmonary marking probably represent viral Disease . no evidence of consolidation .  
six - year Male with Cough and concern for Pneumonia . left lower lobe opacity most likely subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis . otherwise no abnormality .  
Cough for 5-6 week . normal Thorax radiograph . no Pneumonia .  
year - old with Cough . minimal streaky opacity in the left upper lobe which likely represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis although early infiltrate is not exclude .  
month - old Female who ha a Cough for two day . this may have start when the Patients ha episode of gag , Airway_Obstruction , and Vomiting . the study is being perform to evaluate for aspiration . finding most likely represent reactive airway Disease or viral Infection without Pneumonia . no evidence of an aspirate foreign body .  
Cough . there is mild peribronchial cuff with minor increase in perihilar marking . no focal parenchymal abnormality . there is borderline hyperinflation . the picture most likely reflect mild viral or reactive airway Disease without focal Pneumonia .  
4-1/2 - year - old with Cough . the Adenoids and Palatine_Tonsil are quite prominent . however , the nasopharyngeal airway remains patent . the Epiglottis and subglottic Trachea are normal . there is no evidence of retropharyngeal Abscess or subglottic narrowing .  
Cough , no Pneumonia . no acute pulmonary Disease .  
year - old with persistent Cough . mild perihilar prominence .  
this is a year - old Male with chronic Cough . no Fever . normal chest x-ray .  
month - old Male with Cough . evaluate for Pneumonia . possible right lower lobe Pneumonia at posteromedial right Lung base .  
Cough and congestion for a week . Heart normal and Lung clear .  
year month - old Male with Cough of 10 day duration and Fever . rule out Pneumonia . scatter Lung density likely to represent either scatter Pulmonary_Atelectasis or acute viral illness with no definite lobar Pneumonia identify .  
month - old Male with Cough , no Pneumonia . interval decrease in the scatter Lung change with no superimpose focal Pneumonia identify .  
year - old Female with Cough . normal Thorax radiograph .  
a month - old with Cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax .  
year month - old Female with Cough . rule out infiltrate . no Pneumonia .  
Cough , no Pneumonia . normal Thorax .  
Cough , labor Respiration . difficulty Respiration since Parturition . increase marking , hyperinflation , and streaky Disease right middle lobe , likely Pulmonary_Atelectasis . however , there is a patch of round density above the right Diaphragm . it is unsure whether this represent superimpose Pneumonia or Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
this is an almost year - old Female with Cough . normal chest x-ray . no significant change since 2001 .  
seventeen month old with Cough . the Lung are well expand , but not hyperinflated . there is mild perihilar , peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness or reactive airway Disease . there is no focal infiltrate to suggest bacterial Pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
Cough and congestion for six day . suspect right middle lobe airspace Disease , either Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia .  
Cough . mild opacification right lower lobe , either Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia .  
Cough . normal Thorax .  
year month - old Female with Cough , no Pneumonia . normal Thorax radiograph with no Pneumonia identify .  
month - old with Cough . no focal infiltrate .  
Cough . prior history of Walking Pneumonia . normal .  
Cough . history of Pneumonia on 1/2/01 . increase work of Respiration . no significant change to overall appearance of perihilar Lung opacity and peribronchial thickening most consistent with viral illness v reactive airway Disease . increase density superimpose over the right middle lobe and lingular region on the lateral view may represent superimposition of shadow . however Pulmonary_Atelectasis or a small amount of parenchymal consolidation can not be fully exclude . this Patients 's Lung marking have appear prominent on the four exist chest x-ray in our file . it is recommend that the Child receive a well - Child chest x-ray in order to evaluate Lung marking when the Child is not sick .  
year - old Male with Cough . normal slightly hypoventilatory chest x-ray , no Pneumonia .  
year - old with Cough . normal Thorax radiograph .  
year - old Female with Cough . 1 . Thorax radiograph within normal limit . 2 . no acute abnormality .  
year - old Male with history of all status post Pneumonia with persistent Cough . 1 . suggestion of a small pleural effusion on the frontal projection which is not well see on the lateral view . no consolidative infiltrate are see .  
seven - year Male with Cough . negative Thorax which is somewhat limited by technique .  
month - old girl with one day history of barky Cough . normal Thorax radiograph .  
year - old Female with Cough . evaluate for Pneumonia . no Pneumonia .  
this is a month - old Female with a history of Cough . left upper lobe and lingular opacity suggestive of Pneumonia in the right clinical context . no obvious pleural effusion or definite adenopathy is see . this is new since 1/2/01 .  
year - old Male with Cough . evaluate for Pneumonia . no Pneumonia .  
Cough . possible old granulomatous Disease . no current finding of Pneumonia or other radiographically definable cause for Cough .  
month - old with Cough at night for several month . clear Lung .  
Cough no Pneumonia . normal Thorax .  
this is an almost year - old Female with Cough for six week . clear Lung .  
Cough and Fever of a few day duration . normal chest x-ray .  
Cough for three week . prominence behind the left hilum may be an infiltrate in the superior segment of the left lower lobe . it doe not have the pattern of adenopathy .  
year - old Male with a Cough . 1 . no focal Pneumonia . 2 . viral change .  
Cough . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality .  
Cough for one week . Lung clear and Heart normal .  
month - old with Cough . rule out foreign body . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no evidence of air trapping or hyperinflation . no radiopaque foreign body is identify . the airway is normal . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see . if symptom persist , consider bilateral decubitus view of the Thorax to evaluate for more subtle air trapping .  
Cough . normal Thorax . the intrathoracic Trachea is normal .  
year - old Female with history of deep Cough for approximately 3 month . normal Thorax radiograph .  
croupy Cough . normal soft Tissues of the Neck .  
year - old Female with Cough since january . normal Thorax radiograph .  
year month - old Female with Cough . evaluate infiltrate . no Pneumonia .  
year - old Male with Cough . normal Thorax .  
year month - old Female with Cough x week . no acute Disease .  
Cough . sick for nine day . no focal consolidation are identify .  
Cough . minimal increase perihilar marking , which can be see in reactive airway Disease . no focal Pneumonia .  
Cough . normal examination of the airway .  
Cough . small focal area of increase density likely represent a round Pneumonia in the left upper lobe . followup x-ray is recommend when the Patients is clinically asymptomatic .  
Cough and Pneumonia . no acute Disease is see .  
Cough . prominent left inferior Lung marking probably represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis , less likely early infiltrate . followup Motion_Pictures_as_Topic could be consider depend on Patients 's symptomatology .  
two - year with Cough . two view of the airway show mild subglottic narrowing , suggest viral illness / Croup . the Epiglottis and aryepiglottic fold are normal . the Palatine_Tonsil and Adenoids are appropriate for age .  
month - old with several week of Cough . the Lung are mildly hyperinflated . there is also mild perihilar peribronchial thickening . these finding suggest viral illness or reactive airway Disease . there is no focal infiltrate to suggest bacterial Pneumonia . the airway is normal . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is also normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
year month - old Male with Cough . normal two view of the Thorax .  
year - old with Cough for 4 week , Pain with deep breath . no acute Disease .  
year - old Male with Cough . evaluate for Croup v Tracheitis . 1 . prominence of palatine and lingual Palatine_Tonsil a describe above . 2 . no finding to suggest Croup .  
year - old with history of Cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax .  
year - old with Cough . no acute Disease .  
year month - old Male with Cough , questionable Fever , Lethargy . coarse central Lung marking and small right upper lobe opacity . these finding may represent viral Pneumonia v reactive airway Disease . a small focus of bacterial Pneumonia in the right upper lobe can not be exclude .  
year - old with Cough , Siblings with mycoplasma Pneumonia . medial parenchymal opacity of the left upper lobe with hilar and suprahilar fullness on the left . these finding may be from an acute Pneumonia which include questionable minimal Bronchiectasis . however , followup .  
year - old Female with Cough . no acute pulmonary abnormality .  
year - old Female with Cough . normal Thorax radiograph .  
this is a year month - old Male with Cough . normal two view of the Thorax .  
year - old with Cough . normal Thorax .  
Cough , wheeze for a couple of day . hyperinflated without focal Pneumonia .  
Cough for three week . Thorax within normal limit .  
Cough . Air space Disease at the right base which likely represent Pneumonia .  
year - old Male with Cough . no Pneumonia .  
chronic Cough . mildly prominent central vessel and bronchial area which could be a normal variant or it could be see with cardiac Disease or bronchial wall thickening .  
Cough couple of week . Lung clear and Heart normal .  
Cough . no focal opacity to indicate consolidation or Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
year - old Female with Cough . chest x-ray is normal , no evidence of Pneumonia or viral Disease .  
year - old Male with Cough for two day and no Fever . chest x-ray is normal , no Pneumonia .  
nine - year Female with difficulty Respiration and Cough . the Patients is mentally delay and the Patients need to be hold in place to obtain the image . normal Thorax radiograph .  
year , month - old Female with Cough . no acute finding .  
5 year old with Cough . normal Thorax .  
Cough . mild peribronchial thickening with no focal Pneumonia .  
Cough . unremarkable two view of the Thorax without focal Pneumonia .  
Cough . patchy left lower lobe infiltrate suggestive of Pneumonia .  
persistent Cough , no Fever . retain secretion v Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the right lower lobe . no infiltrate to support Pneumonia .  
Cough . increase in marking are see without infiltrate .  
Cough . no acute finding .  
all with Cough . no significant change since the previous examination .  
six - year with Cough . chest x-ray is normal , no evidence of Pneumonia .  
Cough and noisy Respiration . Thorax clear and Heart normal .  
Cough . the Patients also ha a history of diarrhea and Vomiting and have have repair of a duodenal web within the last month . the lack of full inspiration likely account for some crowding of bronchovascular marking . no focal Pneumonia or other apparent cause for Patients 's Cough . gastrostomy tube is note .  
Cough for one day . no infiltrate is detect .  
Cough . normal Heart and Lung clear .  
year - old Male with Cough . probable Pneumonia in superior segment of right lower lobe .  
five - year Male with Cough . right middle lobe infiltrate or Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
year - old Female with history of Cough and no Fever . evaluate for Pneumonia . 1 . coarse central Lung marking which may represent reactive airway or viral small airway Disease . 2 . small focal opacity in right lower lobe , which may represent a small focus of Pneumonia or Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
7 year 1 month old Female with Cough x 2 week . normal chest x-ray .  
one month of Cough . normal Thorax .  
Cough . no focal Pneumonia . mild hyperinflation of the Lung may represent early viral or reactive airway Disease . borderline enlargement of the Heart . clinical correlation is need .  
Cough for four week . hyperinflation without focal infiltrate .  
Cough for two week . normal Thorax radiograph .  
Cough and chest Pain . normal Thorax radiograph .  
Cough for approximately 3 week . no Fever . negative study .  
year - old Male who was diagnose with whoop Cough thanksgiving weekend and still ha Cough . coarse central Lung marking , which may be see in reactive airway or viral small airway Disease . no focal Pneumonia is see .  
Cough . 1 . increase marking with hyperinflation suggest viral illness or reactive airway Disease . 2 . moderate bowel gas distention left upper quadrant . unusual visualization of the inner and out wall of a bowel loop in the left upper quadrant . the Patients was upright on the chest x-ray and there is no evidence for free Air on the upright Motion_Pictures_as_Topic . this finding may then be best explain by the Organization_and_Administration of contrast or coating of the bowel wall by an ingest substance . finding should be correlate clinically . if there are abdominal symptom a followup Abdomen Motion_Pictures_as_Topic could be consider . finding convey to the refer clinician 's office at time of interpretation .  
Cough . no focal Pneumonia . minimal streaky density in the right medial lower lobe , likely Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
Cough . right upper lobe volume loss and consolidation . with great consolidation than volume loss , Pneumonia is favor over Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
Cough for several week . finding most compatible with an atypical Infection or reactive airway Disease . there is focal opacity in the right lower lobe which is most likely Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
chronic Cough . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax .  
this is a year - old Male with a Cough , evaluate for Pneumonia . normal two view of the Thorax .  
year month - old with history of chronic Cough . normal Thorax .  
Cough . two view of the Thorax were perform on 1/2/01 . small patchy opacity within the left medial lower lobe , obscure the posterior portion of the hemidiaphragm . this is consistent with an area of Pneumonia . Pulmonary_Atelectasis can have a similar appearance . the Heart size is normal .  
Cough . query mild pectus excavatum Congenital_Abnormalities . recommend clinical correlation . otherwise normal Thorax .  
nine year old with Cough . normal chest x-ray , no Pneumonia .  
12 year old Male with Cough of one month duration . no history of Fever . normal chest x-ray .  
Cough for 3 week . finding suggest airway Disease without lobar Pneumonia .  
Cough for 2-3 week . 1 . clear Thorax . 2 . Air - fluid level in the right maxillary antrum with some opacification of the ethmoid Air Cells and frontal sinus . finding consistent with acute Sinusitis .  
approximately 3 year old Male status post tracheoesophageal fistula repair . ha Cough . new right lower lobe opacity which may represent an area of consolidation or Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
Cough . viral v reactive airway Disease .  
Cough for one week . finding most consistent with viral or reactive airway Disease . no focal Pneumonia .  
Cough . bilateral hilar opacity which may represent a viral or small airway Disease . no focal Pneumonia is identify .  
chronic Cough . mild prominence of Lung marking without evidence of Pneumonia .  
Cough with prior history of Pneumonia . 1 . no focal pulmonary opacity is identify . 2 . focal angulation of the Trachea at the thoracic inlet with questionable soft Tissues attenuation overlie the Sternum . recommend repeat study and clinical correlation . the finding were discuss by phone with the refer clinician the day of the exam .  
Cough . previous high exposure of Chlorine . the examination is negative .  
this is a 12 year old Male with history of Cough . no focal Pneumonia .  
8 year old Female with Cough . to evaluate for Pneumonia . no focal Pneumonia .  
Cough x several week . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
5-1/2 - year - old Male with Cough for a month . mild peribronchial thickening but no focal Pneumonia . these finding are likely chronic and may represent reactive airway Disease or viral airway Disease .  
16 1/2 year old with Cough . normal Thorax .  
year month - old Female with history of frequent coughing . question whoop Cough . clear Lung . no finding to explain Patients 's Cough .  
9 year old with recurrent urinary tract Infection , intact right ureteral Stents following right ureteral Replantation . 1 . progressive severe right renal Cicatrix compare to 1/2/01 . 2 . intact right ureteral Stents . 3 . normal left Kidney .  
this Patients was admit initially for febrile Seizures and subsequently have a document urinary tract Infection . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder sonography .  
urinary tract Infection . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of the Kidney bilaterally . 2 . trace amount of nonspecific free fluid in the Pelvis .  
one uti . Siblings with reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
urinary tract Infection in a one - year Female . evaluate for reflux . normal ultrasound .  
year - old Female with urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound . incidental note of tiny amount of free fluid in the Pelvis cul-de-sac .  
year - old Female with first time febrile urinary tract Infection . evaluate for reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
urinary tract Infection in a year Female . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old Male with meatal Constriction,_Pathologic . urinary tract Infection . mild caliectasis in the upper pole of the Kidney bilaterally . no evidence of any Cicatrix or Calculi . no significant residual urine in the Urinary_Bladder after voiding .  
month - old Female with the first episode of febrile urinary tract Infection . mild urothelial thickening in the lower pole Pelvis of the left Kidney . no evidence of any Hydronephrosis , Cicatrix , or Calculi see .  
uti and family history of nephropathy . normal renal ultrasound .  
uti . the study is normal .  
5 year old with urinary tract Infection . normal sonographic examination of the Kidney and Urinary_Bladder .  
febrile urinary tract Infection in a four month old Infant . mild left urothelial thickening on an otherwise unremarkable renal ultrasound .  
11 month 9 day old Female with two febrile urinary tract Infection . normal sonographic Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic of the Kidney .  
year - old Female with history of urinary tract Infection in january , 2001 . evaluate for structural abnormality . 1 . concentric Urinary_Bladder wall thickening , suggest Cystitis . 2 . normal sonographic appearance of the Kidney .  
this is a year month - old Female with prior history of urinary tract Infection . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
urinary tract Infection one month ago . normal Kidney . r = 5.9 ; l = 6.4 cm .  
month day - old Female with a uti . normal Kidney and Urinary_Bladder ultrasound .  
recurrent uti . normal renal ultrasound .  
year month - old Female with urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound .  
urinary tract Infection . evaluate for reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
2 year 9 month old Female with first time urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound .  
4 year 8 month old Female with urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound .  
year , month - old Female with 3 prior urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year - old Female with urinary tract Infection . 1 . slight asymmetry of renal size , left large than right , without focal hypovascularity or other etiology identify . 2 . mild Urinary_Bladder debris .  
year - old with history of urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
urinary tract Infection . the Kidney are at or just within 2 standard age and from the mean in size for the Patients 's chronological age , borderline enlarge . correlation with the Patients 's height and weight may be some value . they are sonographically normal . no Hydronephrosis .  
urinary tract Infection . 1 . minimal free pelvic fluid , likely physiologic 2 . otherwise negative retroperitoneal ultrasound .  
febrile urinary tract Infection ; this is the second urinary tract Infection in 4 month . the Patients have microscopic Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
uti . 1 . normal Kidney . 2 . mild Urinary_Bladder wall thickening with post void residual .  
year , month - old Female with first urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year , month - old Female with urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year - old with urinary tract Infection . possible bifid or partially duplicate collecting system bilaterally with urothelial thickening of what appear to be the lower pole on the left . in addition , the focal hypoechoic mucosal prominence near the left ureterovesical junction raise question of a collapse Ureterocele . these finding Volition be further evaluate with voiding cystography .  
year - old Female with daytime Accidents since potty train . no nighttime Accidents . history of 4 to 6 urinary tract Infection within the last 18 month . last uti 3 week ago with Fever of 102.6 degree fahrenheit . 1 . asymmetrically increase size of left Kidney when compare to contralateral side , but within 2 standard deviation for Patients age . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound . 2 . minimal free fluid in cul-de-sac .  
Cysts on Kidney . utis . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year - old with frequent uti and history of febrile uti . asymmetry in renal size with possible duplication of the left Kidney . visualization of the distal right Ureter is nonspecific and could be relate to hydrational status or reflux .  
year - old girl with urinary tract Infection . borderline prominence of the right renal collecting system . correlation with a cystogram is recommend to evaluate for vesicoureteral reflux .  
year - old Female with recurrent uti . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
uti . 1 . normal renal ultrasound with interval growth .  
2 febrile urinary tract Infection in the past year . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
urinary tract Infection in a year , month - old Female . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder sonography .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include Urinary_Bladder .  
almost year - old with recurrent urinary tract Infection , despite negative previous workup . interval growth of both Kidney which do not demonstrate evidence of focal Cicatrix , despite history of recurrent urinary tract Infection . both Kidney are currently large for the Child 's age , which may reflect persistent swelling following recent Pyelonephritis , or be appropriate for the Patients 's overall body habitus , if she is above the th percentile on height and weight chart .  
multiple urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
urinary tract Infection . 1 . normal Kidney without evidence of Hydronephrosis . 2 . echogenic focus adherent to the Urinary_Bladder wall . this may represent adherent debris , Polyps or stone associate with the Patients 's urinary tract Infection . short - term followup ultrasound is recommend in 2 to 3 month .  
urinary tract Infection with a Fever of 102 degree 10 day ago . 1 . mild prominence of renal collecting system , which is nonspecific , and may be normal . the Kidney are otherwise within normal limit in size and have a normal sonographic appearance . 2 . normal Urinary_Bladder .  
recurrent urinary tract Infection . 1 . bilateral mild pyelocaliectasis with left extrarenal Pelvis . this partially resolve following voiding . 2 . fluid note and distal Ureter bilaterally , which are normal in caliber . this finding is nonspecific , but may be see in vesicoureteral reflux . 3 . otherwise sonographically normal appearing Kidney and Urinary_Bladder .  
4 urinary tract Infection in the past 6 month . nonfebrile . Mothers ha a solitary Kidney . normal renal ultrasound for age .  
first urinary tract Infection , Fever to 102 degree . aside from possible right upper pole focal Cicatrix , normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year , month - old Female with urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
uti , Fever 104.9 ; 1 to 2 week ago . normal renal ultrasound .  
urinary tract Infection . normal interval growth of both Kidney .  
urinary tract Infection Fever . normal renal ultrasound .  
first urinary tract Infection in an month - old Infant . normal renal ultrasound . some of the image were obtain in the upright position a the Patients object to the prone positioning .  
uti status post Replantation . interval growth of both right and left Kidney . prominent right renal Pelvis and uroepithelial thickening is note . suspect Cicatrix upper pole right Kidney unchanged .  
urinary tract Infection . family history of vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year - old with urinary tract Infection . normal Kidney ; there is mild to moderate distention of the distal left Ureter without visible Peristalsis at real time scanning . it is unclear whether this is a functional issue with bladder distention or whether there may be an underlie megaureter .  
Infant with febrile uti . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year - old Female with uti . no comparison . normal size Kidney with relatively small right inferior renal pole may represent a normal variant versus mild parenchymal loss .  
year , month - old Female with history of uti . mild left renal Pelvis urothelial thickening which may be see in the urinary tract Infection . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound include Urinary_Bladder .  
urinary tract Infection . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder ultrasound .  
urinary tract Infection . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder sonography .  
year - old Female with afebrile uti . normal renal ultrasound .  
followup u t i 1 . interval growth of normal appearing left Kidney . 2 . little growth of right Kidney .  
year - old with urinary tract Infection 2 month ago . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year , month - old Female with uti . concern for reflux . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
urinary tract Infection in a year - old . normal renal ultrasound . small postvoid residual .  
year - old Male with single episode of urinary tract Infection . Research_Report maximal temperature was 105 f normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
8 year - old Female with urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old with high Fever , history of urinary tract Infection . 4 to 5 year ago , she have a cystogram which reportedly show grade 1 reflux possibly on the left . no prior study are available for comparison . small left Kidney with scatter area of Cicatrix that involve all pole of the Kidney . likely Cicatrix of the right Kidney a well , with calyceal extension to the renal periphery .  
2 afebrile urinary tract Infection over the past year . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
history of reflux . urinary tract one month ago with Fever . normal renal ultrasound .  
urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old being evaluate for first urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
month - old with urinary tract Infection . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
month - old Female with first time afebrile uti . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old Female with first time urinary tract Infection . 1 . debris in the urinary Urinary_Bladder . 2 . otherwise normal renal ultrasound .  
multiple urinary tract Infection with associate Dysuria . 1 . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
first time urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
nearly month - old with recent uti . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
month - old Female with single episode of febrile urinary tract Infection . 1 . mild left urothelial thickening and extrarenal Pelvis .  
year - old with first urinary tract Infection . no prior study for comparison . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
this is a year , month - old Female with history of first uti in january . low grade Fever . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
uti . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
history of one uti in january with Fever . 1 . normal renal ultrasound 2 . mild Urinary_Bladder wall thickening which may be relate to Cystitis .  
uti . 1 . prominent dilate bilateral collecting system left great than right more prominent following voiding suggest bilateral reflux . 2 . small postvoid residual .  
urinary tract Infection . normal renal sonogram .  
first uti with Fever . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
Patients is a month - old Female with history of first afebrile urinary tract Infection . 1 . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old Female with urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
followup on a Patients with reflux . interval growth with no change in the appearance of the Kidney .  
year month - old Female with history of vesicoureteral reflux . no prior study from this institution . normal renal ultrasound .  
7 year old Female with Enuresis . followup of bilateral grade ii vesicoureteral reflux . this was last document on the nuclear cystogram date 1/2/01 . the previously perform ultrasound of the same date show normal appearing Kidney with interval growth . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
year - old with history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux and small size of right Kidney . followup . interval growth of both Kidney . right Kidney remains small for age .  
12 year old Female status post bilateral deflux Methods for vesicoureteral reflux present for routine followup . normal renal followup ultrasound study . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
4 year old Female with left side grade ii vesicoureteral reflux for routine followup ultrasound examination . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
history of reflux . followup exam . 1 . no interval growth on the right with a subtle area of Cicatrix . normal interval growth on the left .  
followup bilateral grade v vesicoureteral reflux status post bilateral ureteral re . stable sonographic appearance of the Kidney compare to 1/2/01 .  
vesicoureteral reflux . symmetric interval growth of both Kidney with stable - appearing Cicatrix involve the lower pole of the right Kidney . no new finding otherwise note .  
grade ii reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
this is a year - old Female with a history of vesicoureteral reflux and no interval growth of the left Kidney . on prior ultrasound there was no interval growth of the left Kidney . this exam was perform to evaluate renal growth . interval growth of both Kidney . renal size discrepancy but no definitive focal Cicatrix .  
year month - old Female with history of left grade ii reflux demonstrate on a nuclear cystogram from jan 2 , 2001 . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
this is a year month - old Female with history of right vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
8 year old status post deflux Injections for vesicoureteral reflux bilaterally . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . the previously nondistended left Ureter was not visualize on today 's examination . 3 . bilateral ureteral jet with bilateral single deflux mound .  
deflux , reflux . Kidney normal , r = 10.0 ; l = 10.2 . left deflux mound flatten .  
followup in an 8 year old with left side grade ii reflux . minimal interval growth of normal appearing and normal size Kidney .  
reflux . no interval growth of Kidney , otherwise normal appearance .  
this is a 6 year 10 month old Female with a history of left grade i vesicoureteral reflux and right grade ii vesicoureteral reflux demonstrate on a nuclear cystogram from 1/2/01 . this study is compare with the ultrasound from 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound .  
this is a 2 year 10 month old Female with a prior history of bilateral grade ii vesicoureteral reflux . the Patients is complain of back Pain . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
year month - old Female with prior history of bilateral grade ii vesicoureteral reflux . Patients ha have prior normal ultrasound . normal renal ultrasound .  
reflux . Replantation in january 2001 . 1 . decrease in size of both Kidney since the prior examination may be spurious and relate to technical difference . other consideration include Infection on the previous examination , or renal Cicatrix . 2 . stable appearance of the left Kidney with slight upper pole Cicatrix . 3 . stable , small left Kidney .  
history of grade ii vesicoureteral reflux on the left . normal renal ultrasound .  
year , month - old Female with history of left deflux Methods 1/2/01 . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . satisfactory imaging finding post left deflux Methods .  
four and 1/2 year - old with a history of reflux , status post ureteral Replantation . normal renal ultrasound , with interval renal growth .  
year - old Female with history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux dating Back at least Tears 2001 . there have be several follow up showing a less reflux , the last one showing grade 1 reflux on the right . the Patients also ha history of urgency and some wetting . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
nearly month - old Male with small right Kidney and left - side reflux . 1 . atrophic right Kidney below two standard deviation for Patients 's age . 2 . mild interval growth of normal - appearing left Kidney .  
left grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux . the Patients now present for routine follow up . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
followup voiding dysfunction in a Patients with Enuresis and prior history of grade 1 vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . mild Urinary_Bladder wall thickening raise the question of Cystitis or bladder dysfunction .  
year - old Female with a history of bilateral grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux Vacuum in 2001 . Patients is schedule to start of the renal toxic medication and ha present for a screening exam . normal interval growth of both Kidney , with stable size discrepancy and suggestion of cortical thinning in the lower pole of the left Kidney on this limited examination .  
reflux . Replantation . frequency . no significant change since the prior study .  
history of right grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . Patients ha recently have recurrent urinary tract Infection . 1 . normal interval growth of bilateral Kidney .  
vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney . 2 . left duplication . otherwise normal .  
history of vesicoureteral reflux . questionable history of left renal Cicatrix accord to the Patients 's Mothers . this workup ha be perform elsewhere . 1 . questionable mild diffuse left upper pole parenchymal thinning . otherwise normal renal ultrasound .  
reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
year - old Female with history of vesicoureteral reflux . followup study . no significant interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . the Kidney remain normal in size for Patients 's age .  
4 year - old with history of bilateral grade 2 reflux ; annual follow up . normal renal ultrasound .  
grade 2 reflux . 1 . medical renal Disease of the right Kidney 2 . dysplastic left Kidney .  
status post bilateral deflux Methods in january . the Patients ha a history of bilateral grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . the right deflux do not work . the Patients is now status post re on the right . normal renal ultrasound status post deflux Methods .  
prior urinary tract Infection and reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
vesicoureteral reflux followup . normal renal ultrasound . mild intermittent left hydroureter proximally at the renal Pelvis .  
history of reflux . followup and evaluate for growth . normal renal ultrasound with interval growth .  
bilateral grade 2 reflux . normal renal ultrasound with bilateral growth of the Kidney .  
grade 3 reflux . evaluate . 1 . normal renal ultrasound examination .  
bilateral grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
status post left re . Patients have prior grade 3 right vesicoureteral reflux and left grade 4 to 5 vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
Patients status post deflux for reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . deflux mound are again note with small postvoid residual .  
history of vesicular ureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound .  
history of reflux and utis . 1 . there is no Hydronephrosis . 2 . the Kidney are within 2 standard deviation of normal for age .  
followup renal ultrasound in Patients with know reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
followup posterior urethral valve and bilateral reflux . 1 . no significant growth of globally Cicatrix , echogenic right Kidney . 2 . slight interval growth of normal left Kidney . 3 . borderline Urinary_Bladder wall thickening , with no significant postvoid residual .  
this is a year , month - old Female with past history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux status post bilateral deflux Methods on 1/2/01 . 1 . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . 2 . bilateral deflux mound with no evidence of the Hydronephrosis or hydroureter .  
followup in year - old Female with history of bilateral grade 2 reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
month - old with history of prenatal Hydronephrosis found on postnatal sonography a well associate with bilateral grade 2 reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney with near complete resolution of mild intrarenal collecting system distention .  
history of reflux and bladder Diverticulum . the Patients is status post right ureteral Replantation on 1/2/01 . 1 . there ha be interval growth of the Kidney which demonstrate normal imaging characteristic .  
year - old girl with history of reflux . followup . normal renal ultrasound .  
history of left - side grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . the Kidney are normal in their imaging characteristic with interval renal growth .  
vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
year - old Female with follow up of right grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux see on prior nuclear cystogram on 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound .  
this Patients have significant bilateral vesicoureteral reflux . recently , the Patients ha have bilateral deflux Methods perform . comparison of today 's image is make to multiple previous exam and also to voiding cystourethrograms . the Patients was catheterize at 3:00 this afternoon . therefore , it take time for the Urinary_Bladder to refill . the Patients is postoperative deflux Methods . no significant Hydronephrosis ha occur following the deflux . both Ureter are visualize but were also note on prior exam . there is a right ureteral jet but a jet on the left was not see .  
followup reflux . normal study with slight growth .  
history of left - side grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux status post deflux Methods . the Patients ha a know small left Kidney . no interval change since the prior study with no interval growth of either Kidney . the left Kidney remains 1 cm small than the right Kidney , which may reflect mild diffuse parenchymal loss .  
followup bilateral grade 4 vesicoureteral reflux . no significant change since the prior study .  
history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
8 year - old with a history of reflux , status post deflux . 1 . no change in right upper pole Cicatrix versus junctional line . 2 . bilateral round soft Tissues mass in the region of the ureteral insertion which are consistent with the Patients 's history of deflux Methods .  
fire month - old Female with a history of bilateral grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . normal renal ultrasound with a suggestion of a possible partial duplication on the right . normal interval growth .  
year , month - old Female with follow up of right grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux determine on prior nuclear cystogram of 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
almost year - old with history of right - side grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux and recurrent urinary tract Infection . 1 . right - side urothelial thickening and transient visualization of the distal right Ureter , suggest persistent right - side reflux . 2 . interval growth of normal Kidney , without evidence of Cicatrix .  
followup or reflux . interval growth of two normal appearing Kidney . the presence of urothelial thickening and mild Dilatation of the left Ureter suggest that the Patients may have continue vesicoureteral reflux .  
prior history of bilateral reflux treat by Replantation . no cystogram since Replantation . routine ultrasound followup . somewhat small , Cicatrix right Kidney which , however , is growing parallel to the th percentile for age . normal left Kidney . no Hydronephrosis on either side .  
month - old for followup of grade 4 vesicoureteral reflux bilaterally . 1 . persistent left mild pyelectasis with urothelial thickening . no significant interval growth the left Kidney was note . 2 . urothelial thickening of the right collecting system without evidence of Hydronephrosis . normal interval growth .  
reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
grade 4 right vesicoureteral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
follow vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval renal growth . previously the difference in the Kidney was 12 mm , and it is now 13 mm . this difference is likely explain by the left upper pole pyelectasis , which is stable . 2 . no new finding .  
reflux . 1 . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
reflux . stable appearance of the Kidney .  
ureteral Replantation . follow up vesicoureteral reflux and right lower pole Cicatrix . stable renal examination . the discrepancy in length between today 's scan and the comparison study is likely due to interobserver variability , since no other change are identify .  
grade 1 bilateral reflux . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
history of left - side grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . there ha be no interval renal growth a compare to the exam from 1/2/01 . there ha be mild renal growth a compare to the study from 1/2/01 . the Kidney remain within the normal range in size for age . 2 . the Kidney are normal in their echogenicity with no focal Cicatrix present .  
year - old Female Patients with history of left grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . the Patients is status post deflux Injections january 2 , 2001 . 1 . there ha be no interval renal growth , however , the Kidney are within the normal range in size for age . 2 . there are no finding of pyelectasis in either the right or left Kidney .  
recent deflux Injections january nd 2001 , on the right side for grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . no interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . no evidence of Hydronephrosis or hydroureter following right deflux Methods .  
Cough and Fever . temperature to 103 degree fahrenheit today . mild peribronchial thickening which may be secondary to an airway process such a viral Infection or reactive airway Disease . no focal consolidation to suggest Pneumonia .  
Cough x 2 day Fever x 4 day . normal two view of the Thorax .  
three - year Female with Cough and Fever . normal Thorax radiograph .  
thirteen year old Female with Cough and Fever for one week . evaluate for Pneumonia . no focal Pneumonia .  
Cough for three week with Fever . antibiotic not curing Cough . normal Thorax radiograph .  
Cough and low grade Fever . no focal Pneumonia .  
two year , ten month old Male with Cough , Fever , and Stomach Pain . normal Thorax , no Pneumonia .  
5 year 11 month old Female with Cough and Fever x 2 day . normal two view of the Thorax .  
Cough and Fever . Thorax within normal limit .  
Cough and Fever . focal opacity in the right middle lobe may represent either Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia .  
7 year old with Cough and Fever x 7 day . the lung volume are normal . there is mild perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness or reactive airway Disease . minimal streaky density is note in the left Lung base , though there is no lobar consolidation to suggest bacterial Pneumonia . finding are more in keeping with minimal Pulmonary_Atelectasis . the costophrenic angle remain sharp , without evidence of pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal .  
Cough and Fever . no focal Pneumonia .  
year - old Male with Cough and Fever . normal Thorax , no Pneumonia .  
thirteen month old Male with Cough and Fever . finding worrisome for right lower lobe infiltrate .  
21 month old Male with Cough and Fever of one week duration . no focal Air space Disease identify .  
month - old with Fever , Cough , and congestion for two day . clear Thorax .  
year - old Male with Cough and Fever for three day . 1 . no focal pulmonary consolidation . 2 . gas - fill distend loop of bowel a describe above .  
Cough and Fever , evaluate for Pneumonia . normal chest x-ray .  
eight - month Male with Fever and Cough for four day . hyperinflation with associate opacity in the right lower and upper lobe may reflect reactive airway and Pulmonary_Atelectasis , possibly of viral etiology . however , degree of right lower lobe and right upper lobe opacity could also represent a superimpose bacterial Pneumonia or sequela from aspiration .  
Cough and Fever in a year - old . there is mild perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness or reactive airway Disease . minimal linear Pulmonary_Atelectasis is note in the perihilar region and the Lung base , however , there is no focal , lobar consolidation to suggest bacterial Pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . the costophrenic angle are sharp . no bony abnormality are see .  
Cough and Fever . peribronchial wall thickening which may represent either viral or reactive airway Disease . no focal consolidation .  
Cough and Fever . normal radiographic appearance of the Thorax , no Pneumonia .  
Cough and Fever . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway Disease .  
Cough x three day . Fever . normal .  
year - old Female with Cough and high Fever . finding worrisome for right lower lobe Infection .  
prolong cough with Fever today . peribronchial thickening without Pneumonia .  
Fever and Cough for several day abdominal Pain for 1 day . nonspecific nonobstructed bowel gas pattern . mild amount of stool within the Colon . borderline distend small bowel with Air .  
Cough and Fever . Lung clear and Heart normal .  
twenty month old with Fever and Cough . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is within normal limit . no bony abnormality are see .  
Cough and Fever . the lung volume are normal . there is bilateral perihilar , peribronchial thickening . additional , patchy opacity is present in the right middle lobe . finding may represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis relate to viral illness or reactive airway Disease , or alternatively mycoplasma Pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . there are no pleural effusion . the bony Thorax is unremarkable . moderate gaseous distention of the Stomach and Colon is incidentally note in the upper Abdomen .  
year - old Male with a Cough x 1 day Fever x 3 day . no focal Pneumonia .  
month day - old Female with Cough and Fever , no Pneumonia . Lung change suggestive of reactive airway Disease or acute viral illness with no Pneumonia identify .  
Fever and Cough , evaluate for Pneumonia . suspect mild viral or reactive airway Disease . no focal Pneumonia .  
Cough on and off with Fever for five day . no flatten Diaphragm . Lung clear and Heart normal .  
cough with Fever x week . normal two view of the Thorax .  
year - old with Fever and Cough . a triangular density is identify just posterior to the Heart on the lateral Motion_Pictures_as_Topic . this create more of a vague opacity on the frontal exam in the region of the lingula . finding suggest volume loss in the lingula , with or without superimpose Infection . there is no associate pleural effusion . the perihilar marking are within normal limit . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
Fever and Cough of two day ' duration . normal chest x-ray .  
Cough x two week , Fever . no definite Pneumonia to explain the Patients 's Cough and Fever .  
year - old Male with Cough and low - grade Fever for approximately four day . normal Thorax .  
month - old with Fever for 1-1/2 week and Cough . normal Thorax radiograph . no Pneumonia .  
year - old Male with Cough and Fever . normal Thorax , no Pneumonia .  
this is an almost month - old Female with Cough and apparent Fever for 3-4 week . clear chest x-ray . no evidence of Pneumonia or other abnormality .  
year - old Male complain of Cough for the past two day with a Fever of 103 f no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality .  
Cough and Fever . mild viral or reactive airway Disease .  
Fever and Cough . the Lung are well - expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
this is a month - old Male with Fever and Cough . normal chest x-ray . no focal Pneumonia see .  
Cough x 2-3 week . intermittent Fever per Mothers . no focal Pneumonia , normal Thorax radiograph .  
Fever and Cough . normal Thorax . bifid third and fourth anterior Ribs .  
Cough and Fever . most consistent with viral or reactive airway Disease . no focal Pneumonia .  
Cough and Fever . two view of the Thorax show no evidence of Pneumonia . the pulmonary parenchyma is clear and the pleural margin are sharp .  
Cough for two week and congestion and Fever . Lung clear and Heart normal .  
year month - old Female with Cough and Fever . 1 . no evidence of Pneumonia . normal chest x-ray .  
year month - old Female with Cough and Fever off and on for two week . no Pneumonia .  
Cough and Fever . no radiographic abnormality of the Thorax .  
Cough and Fever . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax .  
Fever for one week with Cough x 3 day . normal Thorax .  
year month - old Male with Cough for one week and Fever for one day . evaluate for Pneumonia . 1 . mildly coarse central Lung marking with minimally increase Lung marking at the left posterior Lung base , consistent with Pulmonary_Atelectasis or early Pneumonia . 2 . mild convex right curvature of the mid thoracic Spine .  
3 year 3 month old Female with history of Fever today and Cough since the weekend . comparison are make with january 2 , 2001 . 1 . no Pneumonia . resolution of previously see peribronchial cuff . 2 . mild convex right curve of the thoracic Spine , which may be positional . recommend clinical correlation .  
Fever then Cough . no Pneumonia .  
Cough and Fever . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax .  
year - old Male with Fever and Cough . chest x-ray is normal , no evidence of Pneumonia .  
Cough and Fever . no focal Pneumonia . minimal peribronchial thickening may see in viral or atypical Infection versus reactive airway Disease .  
Fever , Cough . normal radiograph of the Thorax without evidence of focal Pneumonia .  
Cough and Fever . minor patchy shadowing , possible Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia in the right mid zone . clinical correlation is recommend .  
Cough , Fever . 1 . left upper lobe Air space opacity . with history of Cough and Fever this would be most consistent with Pneumonia .  
year - old Male with decrease breath Sound in the left Lung base . the Patients also ha Cough and Fever . to evaluate for consolidation . left posterior Lung base opacity which appear somewhat homogeneous which is somewhat atypical for consolidation . recommend close followup if the Patients doe not respond to treatment and the symptom persist .  
Cough and Fever x two day . patchy ill - define opacity overlie the right lower Lung , may represent early infiltrate .  
six - year Female with Fever and left lower lobe rale with Cough . two view of the Thorax are normal without evidence of Pneumonia .  
this is a 1 year 3 month old Male with history of Fever and Cough . finding most consistent with right lower lobe round Pneumonia . followup x-ray to assess resolution is recommend .  
Cough and Fever . two view of the Thorax show normal lung volume , without hyperinflation . there is bilateral perihilar peribronchial thickening , suggest viral illness or reactive airway Disease . there is no focal infiltrate to suggest bacterial Pneumonia . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
Cough , Fever x 12 day . normal chest x-ray .  
6 year old with Cough for two month , and Fever off and on . clear Lung .  
year - old Male with Fever and Cough . no focal Pneumonia .  
Cough x week . now low grade Fever . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
almost 6 year old with Cough and Fever . finding consistent with viral respiratory Disease or reactive airway Disease .  
Cough and Fever . 1 . left lower lobe infiltrate , likely represent Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia . normal Thorax radiograph with interval resolution of Pneumonia .  
twenty - two month old with history of recurrent right middle lobe infiltrate . increase Cough , Tachypnea , and work of Respiration . saturation in the low 90 . 1 . left lingular Pneumonia . 2 . right new lobe Pneumonia which ha either not resolve or is recurrent since the prior study .  
Cough . left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
Cough and Fever . right middle and probable right lower lobe Pneumonia .  
history of recurrent Pneumonia . minimal patchiness in the left lower lobe but no current Pneumonia .  
usually get Pneumonia every year . Cough since monday . the Pneumonia is at both base and is fluffy in the pattern of Mycoplasma .  
nine - year Male with Pneumonia . resolving Pneumonia .  
eight - year Male with Cough , evaluate for Pneumonia . right lower lobe Pneumonia .  
year month old Male with Fever . rule out Pneumonia . bilateral lower lobe Pneumonia right more than left .  
ten - year Female with Cough . right lower lobe Pneumonia .  
Cough for two month with Fever . left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia . clear Lung .  
recurrent Pneumonia on right . interval clearing of patchy parenchymal opacity in the right middle and left lower lobe with no apparent etiology for recurrent Pneumonia on screening radiograph .  
year - old with Cough and Fever . bilateral peribronchial thickening with left upper lobe Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia . worsening airspace Disease a describe .  
Pneumonia . right upper lobe Air space Disease , Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia .  
year - old with history of Pneumonia . clearing left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
prior history of Pneumonia , not Emotions well , followup study . mild improvement in lingula and left lower lobe Air space Disease with moderate residual Disease in the left lower lobe .  
Pneumonia . no evidence of Pneumonia .  
follow up Pneumonia . clear Lung . borderline enlarge Heart size . clinical correlation need .  
year - old Female with Cough . left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
persistent Cough . interval resolution of right lower lobe Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia see on chest x-ray from 1/2/01 , no Pneumonia . no radiographic evidence of Pneumonia .  
congestion . airspace Disease in the left lower lobe - Pulmonary_Atelectasis v Pneumonia .  
Cough , Fever in year - old Male . 1 . right middle lobe Pneumonia . 2 . minimal pleural thickening on the right may represent small pleural effusion .  
prior history of Pneumonia on comparative Motion_Pictures_as_Topic from january nd . complete healing of the previously describe infiltrate in the right upper lobe .  
follow up Pneumonia . the Patients now ha a Cough . residual right perihilar prominence . however , significant interval improvement in the appearance of the Thorax is see when compare to the extent of prior infiltrate on the right Lung .  
follow up of Pneumonia . since january nd , the Lung have become clear .  
year - old Female present with Cough for the past six day and intermittent Fever for the past four day . rule out Bronchitis . hazy opacity in left mid Thorax compatible with Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia . Thorax within normal limit .  
Cough . axillary right upper lobe Pneumonia , likely bacterial , likely pneumococcal .  
recent history of Pneumonia . 1 . minimal residual Air space opacification of the right lower lobe . 2 . resolve peribronchial cuff .  
this is a year - old Female with Cough and Fever for 7 day . right upper lobe Pneumonia and volume loss maybe with a small amount of right paratracheal adenopathy . there is no pleural effusion or other finding see . Pneumonia is likely Residence_Characteristics acquire and probably bacterial . if this doe not respond to antibiotic then consider atypical Pneumonia .  
year - old with Cough and illness status post zithromax for clinical Pneumonia still with Cough and right side crackle . finding are consistent with a right lower lobe Pneumonia . these result were call immediately to the Physicians at outpatient mason .  
decrease breath Sound on right . rule out Pneumonia . Fever . finding consistent with right lower lobe Pneumonia .  
year month - old Female with clinical suspicion for Pneumonia . 1 . right upper lobe Pneumonia . 2 . diffuse peribronchial cuff , which may represent peribronchial thickening due to Inflammation or Infection .  
year - old Male with Fever and Cough . right upper lobe round Pneumonia .  
rule out Pneumonia . this Patients ha Pneumonia in the right middle lobe and also at the left base .  
year - old Female with Pneumonia . normal two view of the Thorax .  
worsening Cough . right middle and right upper lobe Pneumonia .  
right lower lobe Pneumonia with broncho Spasm . 1 . interval development of subtle patchy opacity in what is likely the middle lobe . Pneumonia versus Pulmonary_Atelectasis . remainder of the Lung are clear .  
eight - year Male with Cough , Fever , right - side pleural Pain . evaluate for Pneumonia . right upper lobe Pneumonia .  
year - old Male with Fever and Cough . evaluate for Pneumonia . focal left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
Cough , Fever . right lower lobe Pneumonia with possible pleural effusion .  
Pneumonia . hyperinflated Lung with no evidence of focal Pneumonia .  
year - old Male with Cough and Fever . left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
Cough . large confluent left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
year month - old Male with history of Cough . evaluate for Pneumonia . left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
this is a year - old Male who have a right upper lobe Pneumonia see on a prior outside study from bethesda hospital perform on 1/2/01 . significant interval improvement of the Pneumonia involve the anterior segment of the right upper lobe .  
this is a year - old Female with a Cough and Fever . left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
this is a year month - old Female with a Cough . right upper lobe Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia . round infiltrate superior segment persist but there is increase Air space Disease in the basilar segment of the lower lobe and medial right upper lobe .  
11-1/2 - year - old Male with Fever and Cough for two day . Pneumonia .  
year - old with Cough and Fever for four day . left upper lobe Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia organism . Lung clear and Heart normal .  
Pneumonia . no focal Pneumonia . interval resolution of Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
Pneumonia . normal study of the Thorax .  
followup Pneumonia . near complete resolution of left basilar Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia followup . increase patchy opacity of the Lung a describe .  
year - old with crackle right Lung . rule out Pneumonia . right middle lobe Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia , difficulty Respiration not clinically improve . subtle ill define opacity in the left lower lobe could represent Pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting .  
this is a year - old Female with history of Fever and Cough . left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia . followup . normal Thorax .  
Pneumonia clinically . a in january the Patients ha a right middle lobe infiltrate , this time somewhat more prominent . are there Adult Smoking in the Patients 's house .  
Cough , Fever . right upper lobe consolidation consistent with Pneumonia . also possible Air space opacification in the right middle lobe .  
12 year 5 month old with Cough . left upper lobe and left lower lobe Pneumonia .  
Fever x day . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway Disease .  
seven - month Male with Fever . normal Thorax , no Pneumonia .  
Fever . rule out bacterial Infection . finding consistent with reactive v viral airway Disease . no focal Pneumonia .  
chest Pain and Fever . a new opacity ha develop in the left Lung base , most consistent with Pneumonia . the perihilar marking are also minimally increase , suggest Inflammation or viral illness . the cardiac silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are appreciate .  
Fever for the past four day . small localize area of parenchymal Disease in the left lower lobe .  
Fever with no other symptom . normal Thorax .  
month - old with Fever . finding are consistent with a viral process versus reactive airway Disease without focal Air space Disease identify .  
Fever . no focal Air space Disease .  
this is an eight - month Female with a history of Fever and ear Infection . decrease breath Sound on the left base . rule out Pneumonia . 1 . no focal Pneumonia note . 2 . in the left retrocardiac area , note only on the frontal view , there is a very small area of increase Lung density of questionable significance .  
this is month - old Male with Fever and no Cough . no focal Pneumonia .  
month - old Male with Fever , no Pneumonia . minimal peribronchial thickening which may be due to reactive airway Disease or acute viral illness with no focal Pneumonia .  
Fever , no Pneumonia . finding raising the question of viral lower respiratory tract Infection or reactive airway Disease .  
six year old with Fever . normal .  
Fever for five day . normal radiographic appearance of the Thorax .  
Fever , no Cough . normal Thorax .  
Fever for two day . minimal increase density right upper lobe probably is favor to represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis . otherwise unremarkable Thorax .  
history of Pneumonia and Fever . increase in marking . streaky left upper lobe Disease likely represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
7 year old with Fever . no radiographic abnormality of the Thorax .  
prolong Fever . normal Thorax radiograph .  
Fever for 11 day . clear and Heart normal .  
two - year Male with Fever and increase white count . 1 . increase perihilar Lung marking are present which may represent change of reactive airway Disease . 2 . subtle increase density in the retrocardiac region is identify , silhouette out the inferior aspect of the descend thoracic Aorta . this may represent Pulmonary_Atelectasis v early developing infiltrate .  
this is a year - old Male with Fever and positive pneumococcal antibody titer . low level of Lung Inflation,_Economic . no focal consolidation is see to suggest bacterial Pneumonia .  
Fever for a week . Lung clear and Heart normal .  
Fever . normal radiographic appearance of the Thorax . the slight hyperinflation suggest on the frontal view is not bear out on lateral view . no Fever source is demonstrate .  
year - old Female with Fever . finding consistent with right upper lobe collapse and probable superimpose Pneumonia .  
Fever of unknown origin . normal Thorax .  
Fever . left lower lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia .  
chronic Fever for four week . normal Thorax radiograph .  
Fever . normal Thorax radiograph , no Pneumonia .  
this is a year - old Female with Fever . no focal Pneumonia .  
year month - old with history of Fever and left anterior rale . evaluate for Pneumonia . coarse central Lung marking , suggestive of reactive airway Disease or viral small airway Disease . no consolidation .  
Fever and congestion . no focal area of consolidation to support Pneumonia . minimal subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis v retain secretion in the right middle lobe .  
Fever . low lung volume with no focal abnormality .  
year - old with Fever . Thorax the Lung are fully expand and clear . no Fever source is identify . sinus the paranasal sinus are well aerate and normal .  
Fever . low lung volume with no focal abnormality see .  
Fever . no evidence of lobar Pneumonia . appearance suggest peribronchial thickening and small area of Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
Fever . no infiltrate .  
Fever . 1 . no focal Pneumonia . 2 . increase perihilar Lung marking are likely due to low lung volume , although a mild viral or reactive airway process can not be completely exclude .  
this is a 3 month old Patients who have possible Pyelonephritis with elevated Fever . normal Kidney and Urinary_Bladder . mild urothelial thickening of the left Kidney is see and this can be associate with Infection or reflux .  
year - old Female with history of large left lower pole caliceal Diverticulum that was not amenable to interventional therapy attempt one month ago . the Patients ha have Fever and recurrent urinary tract Infection and this study is request a followup prior to possible surgical resection . no significant change or apparent complication associate with the large left lower pole caliceal Diverticulum .  
left flank Pain , intermittent Fever . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
Hydronephrosis . improvement in the Hydronephrosis on the left side . normal interval growth of the Kidney .  
Hydronephrosis . this Patients have an intraabdominal cystic mass that was discover in utero . subsequent study and intraoperative examination reveal this cystic mass on the right to connect with the renal collecting system and appear to be a dilate Pelvis . 1 . interval decompression of markedly enlarge right extrarenal Pelvis , with new urothelial thickening . Patients is status post pyeloplasty . 2 . renal size discrepancy , left great than right . this is presumably due to compensatory Hypertrophy of the left Kidney which is at two standard deviation above the expect value for the Patients 's age . the right Kidney length is within normal limit . 3 . poor corticomedullary differentiation of the right Kidney . this suggest medical renal Disease .  
month - old Male with right - side Hydronephrosis . 1 . improve right - side Hydronephrosis which can now be characterize a mild to moderate . 2 . normal left Kidney .  
year - old Female who is refer for followup of left - side Hydronephrosis status post pyeloplasty and stent removal . to also evaluate for renal Calculi . 1 . essentially normal renal ultrasound study . no evidence of any renal Calculi or Hydronephrosis . 2 . there is some debris see within the urinary Urinary_Bladder .  
month - old Male with history of left Hydronephrosis . evaluate Kidney for interval change . 1 . unchanged mild to moderate left Hydronephrosis without cortical thinning . interval growth in comparison to previous study . 2 . interval growth of normal - appearing right Kidney .  
followup Hydronephrosis . 1 . interval resolution of the previously see right Hydronephrosis . 2 . interval growth of both Kidney . 3 . small focal probable area of Cicatrix in the right mid pole .  
followup Hydronephrosis . mild decrease in right Hydronephrosis . bilateral nonspecific urothelial thickening .  
abnormal finding in the Kidney on mri . 1 . probable dilate calix in the lower pole of the right Kidney with a caliceal Diverticulum . 2 . moderate Hydronephrosis of the left Kidney with visualization of the proximal Ureter . 3 . moderate to large postvoid residual .  
this Patients ha a urogenital sinus and complex anomaly . this Patients also is file under the last Names of palmer with the same medical record number . congenital anomaly with a dysplastic right Kidney measuring less than 2 cm , a normal appearing left Kidney without Hydronephrosis measuring 5.6 cm and a urogenital sinus which was debris and urine fill . this urogenital sinus drain completely via the Cystostomy .  
renal stone , renal calcification . significant improvement in Patients 's right - side Hydronephrosis . anechoic structure within each Kidney a describe above , could reflect calyceal Diverticulum , distort calyx , residual dilate calyx on the right , on the left may reflect some hydrate calcification within the calyceal Diverticulum , renal cortical Cysts , or persistently dilate calyx . no renal Calculi identify within either Kidney .  
prenatal Hydronephrosis . 1 . minimal prominence of the left renal Pelvis , without caliectasis . 2 . bilateral urothelial thickening , a nonspecific finding sometimes associate with Infection , reflux , or previous high grade of Dilatation .  
2 year old with prior Hydronephrosis of the left duplex Kidney . this is a followup examination . 1 . interval renal growth bilaterally . 2 . mild to moderate pelvic Dilatation of the lower pole moiety of the left Kidney , unchanged .  
month day - old Male with Hydronephrosis . rule out ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 1 . no significant change in moderate left Hydronephrosis . 2 . normal right Kidney .  
followup Hydronephrosis . 1 . stable right Hydronephrosis . 2 . normal interval growth of both Kidney .  
follow up left ureteropelvic junction obstruction . no change in the Hydronephrosis and cortical thinning of the left Kidney .  
followup Hydronephrosis . normal interval growth of both Kidney with stable Hydronephrosis . the Hydronephrosis is slightly great on the left than the right .  
year - old who ha have history of left megaureter . this is a followup study . bilateral interval renal growth . persistent minimal Hydronephrosis on the left , which is slightly diminish since the prior study .  
prenatal Hydronephrosis . mild left Hydronephrosis without hydroureter .  
month - old with Hydronephrosis status post right pyeloplasty . 1 . moderate right Hydronephrosis , decrease . stable cortical Cicatrix of the right lower pole with relative preservation of the right upper pole , suggestive of duplication . 2 . minimal Dilatation of the left collecting system , decrease . persistent hyperechoic debris within the left lower pole , possibly due to prior Infection or near the site of prior Catheters placement . mild Cicatrix of the left lower pole with relative preservation of the left upper pole , suggestive of duplication .  
year - old who is ha a history of duplex right Kidney with right ureteropyeloplasty by Research_Report . she ha a know distal right ureteral stump . 1 . bilateral minimal interval renal growth . 2 . right upper pole parenchymal thinning , unchanged . 3 . new left mild Hydronephrosis . 4 . small distal right ureteral stump .  
followup right Hydronephrosis status post stent removal 1/2/01 . decrease in right Hydronephrosis .  
followup solitary Kidney . 1 . stable appearance of the solitary right Kidney with moderate Hydronephrosis . parenchymal Cysts unchanged . 2 . stable appearance of the augment Urinary_Bladder .  
history of urogenital sinus , cloacal variant , multiple utis , followup . new bilateral left great than right Hydronephrosis with a persistent fluid fill Ureter see on the right . the Urinary_Bladder is markedly distend and doe not slightly change on the postvoid image . unchanged echogenic small focus within the lower pole the right Kidney which may represent a small stone or small focus of fat .  
bilateral pyeloplasty 's . 1 . no change in mild left Hydronephrosis or moderate right Hydronephrosis . 2 . interval increase in length of left Kidney , and slight decrease in length of right Kidney . the difference are likely technical given the otherwise similar appearance of both Kidney and short time interval .  
prenatal Hydronephrosis . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
history of bilateral Hydronephrosis . previous examination january 2 , 2001 . comparison prior to clinic visit . bilateral Hydronephrosis , unchanged in degree since the prior exam of january 2 , 2001 .  
year - old with bilateral hydroureteronephrosis most likely relate to megaureters . interval growth of the Kidney . moderately distend Ureter bilaterally are unchanged though there is slight improvement in the moderate right and mild to moderate left intrarenal collecting system distention .  
followup Hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 1 . small echogenic right Kidney with interval resolution of Hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 2 . left Kidney remains upper limit of normal in size .  
followup prenatal Hydronephrosis . 1 . improvement with residual mild prominence of the right renal Pelvis . 2 . no change in mild left Hydronephrosis .  
Hydronephrosis . followup . interval growth in both Kidney . otherwise no significant change since the prior study .  
followup bilateral Hydronephrosis . 1 . interval decrease in bilateral Hydronephrosis since 1/2/01 . 2 . interval growth of Kidney .  
Hydronephrosis . borderline right mild Hydronephrosis .  
year - old girl with history of deflux Methods . the Patients then present with gross Hematuria to the emergency department . no interval change mild to moderate right Hydronephrosis .  
month - old Female with right ureteral stent removal . history of right mid ureteral Constriction,_Pathologic status post resection and reanastomosis of the right Ureter . dysplastic right Kidney status post ureteroureterostomy and stent placement in january 2001 . 1 . status post right ureteral stent removal . no significant change in dysplastic right Kidney . 2 . interval decrease in right - side Hydronephrosis with no significant change in right hydroureter . 3 . interval growth of normal left Kidney . 4 . stable hyperechoic lesion at inferior aspect of left Liver margin consistent with Hemangioma .  
month - old Male with possible Hydronephrosis . possible Patients or family history of renal Cysts . normal renal ultrasound .  
9 month day - old Female with history of left ureteropelvic junction obstruction . Patients ha history of Ureterostomy . this is follow up examination for left - side Hydronephrosis . 1 . normal interval growth . 2 . stable appearance to left Ureterostomy . 3 . no Hydronephrosis or Cicatrix see .  
day - old Male with clinical prenatal history of bilateral Hydronephrosis . Research_Report by the Patients 's Mothers , on prenatal imaging the right Hydronephrosis was worse than on the left . 1 . severe left and mild right Hydronephrosis . no dilatation of Ureter were demonstrate . differential consideration would include obstruction at the level of the up junction , on the left , and improve mild obstruction at the right up junction on the right versus right vesicoureteral reflux .  
history of bilateral ureteral Replantation . follow Hydronephrosis . comparison is make to study date 1/2/01 and 1/2/01 . 1 . mild right Hydronephrosis , slightly improve . 2 . interval growth of both Kidney .  
Hydronephrosis , megaureter . left ureteral Replantation . comparison is make to study date 1/2/01 . 1 . improve Hydronephrosis bilaterally . 2 . decrease size of the left Kidney .  
this is an year , month - old Male with history of cloacal exstrophy and previous mild right - side Hydronephrosis . this is a followup . 1 . no significant interval growth of either Kidney in this one year period . 2 . the right Kidney remains stable in appearance with mild Hydronephrosis and focal Cicatrix involve the mid and lower pole . 3 . normal appearing left Kidney .  
nine - year Male with left - side chest Pain . Pain is reportedly localize above and inferior to the Nipples and lateral to the Nipples at time . by Research_Report , this increase with activity . normal Thorax radiograph . no finding to account for symptom .  
chest Pain . stable exam without radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary Disease .  
14 year old Female with chest Pain in the left lower Ribs . normal Thorax radiograph without evidence of Pneumothorax .  
year month - old Female with chest Pain . normal Thorax .  
chest Pain while Running . normal exam .  
13 year old with chest Pain over the Sternum . the Lung are well - expand and clear . there is no Pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are appreciate . note that Thorax radiographic technique is insufficient for detail Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic of the sternal Bone_and_Bones . if Pain persist in this region , consider dedicate sternal Motion_Pictures_as_Topic for additional Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic .  
chest Pain and tightening with Heart racing . normal Thorax .  
left lower chest Pain . rule - out Pneumonia . normal Thorax .  
year - old boy with chest Pain . normal chest x-ray .  
Pain in Ribs area , right anterior mid Thorax near Sternum . the Ribs and region of the Sternum normal on plain image . a in january 2001 , tenting of the mid - right Diaphragm and the right Heart contour . spleen normal in this Patients say to have a history of hodgkin Disease .  
year - old Female with chest Pain . normal Thorax radiograph .  
13 year old with chest Pain . no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary Disease .  
this is an year - old Female with history of Pain on inspiration , right Thorax . rule out Pneumothorax . normal exam .  
ten year old with chest Pain x two week . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are appreciate . there is no evidence of Pneumothorax or pleural Disease to explain chest Pain .  
year - old Female with chest Pain and swelling in the anterior third and fourth Ribs ha be hit by a Basketball . normal Thorax radiograph .  
chest Pain , left side hit on Coffee table . normal .  
chest Pain with deep breath . no evidence of Pneumothorax or Pneumonia to explain the Patients 's chest Pain .  
year month - old Male with chest Pain . no acute cardiopulmonary Disease .  
fell at Schools . chest Pain . no fracture of the Ribs . Lung clear .  
chest Pain . normal Thorax study .  
year - old Female with right upper chest Pain . 1 . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality see . 2 . no chest wall abnormality demonstrate .  
year - old Male with right lateral and anterior chest Pain after fall on a chair in Schools . normal Thorax .  
chest Pain , upper area . normal Thorax .  
year - old with chest Pain . no acute finding .  
chest Pain . segmentation abnormality of the mid thoracic Spine . resultant Scoliosis .  
14 year old with history of Asthma . complain of chest Pain . no infiltrate or effusion .  
chronic chest Pain . mid thoracic curvature , possibly positional . otherwise normal Thorax .  
right - side chest Pain for 1 1/2 week . normal Thorax .  
chest Pain . Elbow in Ribs at Basketball practice with Pain in the anterior axillary line on the left side . normal Thorax radiograph .  
year - old with recurrent left - side chest Pain . negative Thorax .  
sickle Cells with acute chest Pain . persistent low lung volume with improve bibasilar Air space Disease . bony change are consistent with history of sickle Cells Disease .  
this is an 18 year old Female with history of left chest Pain . no focal abnormality detect .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . followup . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of the Kidney bilaterally with no notable growth from the prior study .  
followup in a Patients with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . stable appearing renal ultrasound . the previously describe punctate echogenic focus within the left lower pole are stable . it is uncertain whether these are fat , vessel , or tiny Calculi . in any case , they are unchanged . no Hydronephrosis . interval growth of both Kidney .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . normal renal ultrasound .  
13 year 5 month old Female with history of neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . this is a followup examination . stable sonographic Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic of the Kidney in a Patients with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder .  
this is a year - old Male with a history of a neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . the Patients ha a mitrofanoff . normal renal ultrasound .  
this is an year - old Male with a history of spina bifida and neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . Patients ha have bladder augmentation surgery and ha a mitrofanoff . normal renal ultrasound .  
followup on a Patients with a neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . normal study with interval growth .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . followup . small renal size for the Patients 's age . however , there ha be slight interval growth in the size of the Kidney bilaterally and the Patients is know to have small Kidney . otherwise , unremarkable renal ultrasound . no evidence of bladder Calculi .  
this Patients ha know neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . the Kidney now appear normal . the Patients is postoperative bladder augmentation and the expect finding of debris and irregularity of the wall are apparent .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder , follow up . no change in mild fullness of the collecting system of the right Kidney . no other change in the appearance of the Kidney . following Catheterization there is no post void residual .  
this is an year - old Patients for routine followup and ha a history of neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . stable normal appearing , growing Kidney bilaterally .  
this is a year - old Patients who have a history of neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . the Patients apparently have a brain Wounds_and_Injuries . 1 . normal examination of the Kidney . 2 . normal Urinary_Bladder and bladder function .  
followup on a year - old with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder status post augmentation . interval growth with no change in the appearance of the Kidney .  
follow up urinary tract Infection . neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . no significant change ; normal Kidney .  
spina bifida , neurogenic Urinary_Bladder , for routine followup . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder status post final cord Wounds_and_Injuries . interval growth of the Kidney . however , when the Urinary_Bladder was distend there is new bilateral pelvicaliceal Dilatation and ureteral Dilatation . this could suggest the presence of reflux . the Patients is to have a cystogram following the current renal ultrasound .  
year , month - old Male with spina bifida and neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . normal Kidney and Urinary_Bladder ultrasound .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . resolution of right Hydronephrosis .  
Meningomyelocele , neurogenic Urinary_Bladder , Spine bifid . improvement of the left lower pole collecting system Dilatation . normal interval growth of the Kidney . no other change .  
follow up on Patients with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder and utis . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
this is an almost year - old Female with history of spina bifida and neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . 1 . normal appearing Kidney with no interval change in renal size since previous exam . 2 . finding consistent with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . know previous Hydronephrosis and hydroureter on the right . 1 . essentially normal left Kidney , which is upper normal for size . 2 . small echogenic right Kidney with thin parenchyma , stable .  
year - old Male with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . 1 . 1.1 x 0.8 x 1.0 cm ill - define echogenic focus within the right Kidney upper pole , which appear stable in comparison to the examination date 1/2/01 . this area is of unknown etiology and significance . nephrology Referral_and_Consultation should be consider . further imaging should be base on this Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . 2 . normal sonographic appearance of the left Kidney and Urinary_Bladder .  
follow up exam for year - old Male with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . irregular , trabeculated Urinary_Bladder .  
year , month - old Female with history of neurogenic Urinary_Bladder , bladder augmentation and mitrofanoff . 1 . no significant growth of Kidney , which may may be normal at this age . 2 . probable stable left upper pole cortical Cicatrix . 3 . no Hydronephrosis .  
history of a neurogenic Urinary_Bladder with renal Cicatrix . this is a followup study . Cicatrix of both Kidney more mark on the left than the right . urothelial thickening in the right Kidney .  
spina bifida and neurogenic bladder dysfunction . satisfactory renal growth . Urinary_Bladder trabeculations compatible with neurogenic bladder dysfunction .  
spina bifida . neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . routine followup . to normal Kidney demonstrate normal interval growth . no Hydronephrosis .  
9 year month - old with a history of epispadias repair and neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
year - old Female with history of neurogenic Urinary_Bladder and Meningomyelocele for routine followup . the Patients reportedly ha a Cystostomy . limited study with grossly normal appearing Kidney .  
Enuresis . normal interval growth .  
incomplete bladder emptying Enuresis . 1 . interval growth of both the Kidney . 2 . the Urinary_Bladder wall is mildly irregular .  
year - old Male with history of Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old Male with Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound .  
9 year old Female with history of urinary incontinence . the Patients ha have prior urinary tract Infection . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . the urinary Urinary_Bladder is displace anteriorly by a fluid fill structure in the Pelvis thought to be a distend Vagina . after voiding , the Vagina is empty , the Urinary_Bladder is unchanged in volume but no longer displace . the retain fluid in the Vagina may account for the Patients 's symptom of incontinence .  
year - old Female with Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound .  
10 year month - old Male with Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
Enuresis . likely artificial echogenic focus within the central portion of the left Kidney , otherwise normal renal ultrasound .  
Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
day and night Enuresis . 1 . symmetric enlargement of both Kidney , otherwise normal sonographic appearance . 2 . small post void residual .  
year - old Female with anuresis . normal renal ultrasound .  
Enuresis . 1 . normal Kidney . 2 . Urinary_Bladder wall thickening , clinical correlation recommend to exclude Infection or neurogenic Urinary_Bladder .  
incontinence . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old Female with Enuresis . 1 . large postvoid residual with questionable thickening of the Urinary_Bladder suggest bladder dysfunction .  
13-1/2 - year - old nighttime anuresis and intermittent daytime Enuresis . Mothers Research_Report that the Patients is sometimes dry for several night in a row . upper normal asymmetry in renal size . the right doe not appear hypoplastic or Cicatrix and the left collecting system doe not appear duplicate , therefore this is most likely normal for this Patients . otherwise normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year - old Male with day and night Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
this is a year - old Female Patients with nighttime Enuresis since january of this year . the Patients complain of burning and redness in the Perineum . 1 . this is a normal renal ultrasound .  
7-1/2 - year - old with history of Urinary_Bladder exstrophy , Hernia,_Umbilical , and incontinence . follow up . comparison is make with 1/2/01 . 1 . small echogenic focus within the lower pole right Kidney , which could represent a Calculi . the previously demonstrate focus within the mid pole of the right Kidney is not see on the current study . 2 . otherwise , normal Kidney bilaterally with interval growth .  
day and night time Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
urinary incontinence , daytime Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder , was small postvoid residual .  
Enuresis , urinary incontinence . normal renal ultrasound .  
secondary Enuresis . 1 . small Kidney for age . however , the Patients 's height is a 134 cm in the Patients 's weight is 28.6 kilogram which result in a Kidney size is normal for the Patients 's size .  
month - old Female with history of incontinence . comparison make to ultrasound examination from 1/2/01 . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
voiding dysfunction . previous history of patent Urachus which was surgically repair . apart from the slight rotation of both Kidney the study is normal .  
Enuresis . the Kidney have demonstrate interval renal growth , are normal in size for age , and demonstrate normal imaging characteristic .  
urinary incontinence . essentially normal renal ultrasound for age . small to moderate postvoid residual .  
nocturnal Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
this is a year month - old Male with gross Hematuria detect at the end of Urination on monday . the Patients is asymptomatic . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
this Patients present with Hematuria . 1 . asymmetry of renal size . normally , the Kidney are not different great than 1 cm . both Kidney are within two standard deviation of normal except for the asymmetry . 2 . there is no evidence or obvious cause for the Patients 's Hematuria . no stone or mass were identify .  
year - old Female with Hematuria . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . minimal free fluid in Pelvis , likely physiologic .  
Hematuria . normal Kidney , each measuring 7.7 cm in length .  
this is an 8 year old Male with history of microscopic Hematuria . mild right pyelectasis , otherwise normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
5 year old Female with Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year - old Male with recent onset of gross Hematuria . history of Nocturnal_Enuresis . normal renal ultrasound , include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year - old note to have microscopic Hematuria on routine Sports physical . normal renal ultrasound , include the Urinary_Bladder .  
almost year - old Male with intermittent , gross Hematuria since 1/2/01 . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . minimal Urinary_Bladder debris .  
microscopic Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound .  
this Patients have Hematuria . Patients recently have trauma to the right side of the Abdomen . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder sonography .  
left flank Pain and Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
Hematuria . evaluate for stone . normal renal ultrasound .  
Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound .  
pituitary and Hematuria . evaluate . 1 . bilateral enlarge Kidney the cause of which in view of the Patients 's clinical history could be relate to Glomerulonephritis . no Hydronephrosis and no evidence of Calculi .  
intermittent Hematuria and Calcium , no Nephrocalcinosis . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney , duplicate right Kidney ; normal Urinary_Bladder .  
day - old Male with Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old Female with Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
Hematuria . urinary tract Infection . 1 . normal renal ultrasound .  
microscopic Hematuria . normal exam . renal length are normal for the Patients 's height .  
history of left flank Pain and Hematuria at the beginning of this month , when a ct scan demonstrate a nonobstructive Calculi at the left ureterovesical junction . this is a followup study . the Patients is currently asymptomatic . great than 1 cm difference in the size of the Kidney . the small right Kidney is normal for the Patients 's age , while the left Kidney is large for the Patients 's age . appearance of the left Kidney suggest a duplication although i do not see a band of Tissues to suggest a complete duplication . i feel that this Kidney is a normal Kidney which may be partially duplicate .  
8 year month - old with Dysuria and Hematuria . no prior study for comparison . mild postvoid Urinary_Bladder residual . otherwise normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
gross Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
Hematuria . the Kidney are normal in size for age and demonstrate normal imaging characteristic .  
seven month old with wheeze , congestion . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway Disease .  
nine year old with wheeze and secretion . interval clearing of bilateral Air space Disease since 1/2/01 and 1/2/01 . essentially normal Thorax .  
wheeze . normal Heart and Lung with minimal peribronchial thickening consistent with asthmatic Bronchitis .  
wheeze since Parturition . no airway abnormality see .  
four month old with wheeze . Pneumonia versus Bronchiolitis . patchy opacity in the right upper Lung zone , consistent with Air space Disease in the right upper lobe . infiltrate versus Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
this is a three - year Male with a history of recurrent wheeze , status post Pneumonia three week ago -LRB- clinical -RRB- . rule out Pneumonia . mild hyperinflation of both Lung with a very small Mediastinal_Emphysema which is consistent with the Patients 's history of wheeze . this was call to the pulmonologist fellow - on call at the time of the dictation .  
recurrent wheeze . normal Thorax .  
wheeze . clear Lung .  
month - old Male with wheeze . normal Thorax radiograph .  
wheeze . mild hyperinflation without focal Pneumonia .  
two - year seven - month Female with wheeze . normal chest x-ray without radiographic evidence of residual bronchopulmonary dysplasia .  
month - old Male with wheeze . mild hyperinflation with no focal Pneumonia .  
month - old Male with wheeze . normal Thorax radiograph .  
Patients with wheeze . normal chest x-ray .  
six - month Male with wheeze . 1 . no focal consolidation or Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the Lung . 2 . Trachea is not clearly visualize . since the aortic arch and the descend thoracic Aorta are also not clearly identify , further Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic with a barium swallow examination can be perform to exclude a vascular ring such a a double aortic arch , etc. , compressing on the Trachea .  
wheeze for two week . no Fever . clear Lung . hyperinflation may be relate to hyperreactive airway Disease .  
wheeze . finding consistent with viral or reactive airway Disease . no focal Pneumonia .  
wheeze x 3 day , no Fever or Cough . normal two view of the Thorax without focal consolidation .  
wheeze . reactive airway picture of the Thorax with more focal Air space Disease / Pulmonary_Atelectasis medial right Lung base and lingula .  
month - old Female with upper respiratory symptom for three month , wheeze . 1 . increase in perihilar interstitial marking with associate peribronchial cuff , consistent with viral v reactive airway Disease . 2 . no focal consolidation .  
wheeze . the examination is negative .  
year month - old Male with history of wheeze . evaluate for abnormality of the Thorax . no Pneumonia .  
year - old Female with wheeze . no evidence of Pneumonia .  
noisy Respiration and wheeze / . normal two view of the Thorax .  
this is a year - old Female with a prior history of urinary tract Infection . normal followup ultrasound of the Kidney with interval growth .  
year - old Female with one episode of febrile urinary tract Infection in the past . normal renal ultrasound study include the Urinary_Bladder .  
follow up Patients with uti 's and reflux . no change in normal appearing Kidney .  
this Patients have a history of urinary tract Infection . normal renal and Urinary_Bladder sonography .  
this is a 1 year 10 month old Female with history of urinary tract Infection . evaluate for cause of uti . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old Female with a history of uti . normal exam .  
urinary tract Infection approximately 6 week ago . the Patients was febrile . normal Urinary_Bladder and renal sonography .  
year - old with history of reflux and multiple urinary tract Infection . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
3 year month - old Female with history of urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
2 year month - old Female with 3 episode of utis in the past year . Fever up to 103 degree . the most recent uti and was one month ago . 1 . significant renal size discrepancy with finding suggest right Kidney Cicatrix , a above . 2 . normal appearing left Kidney . 3 . normal Urinary_Bladder ultrasound .  
year - old Female with 3 urinary tract Infection in the last 6 month . normal Kidney with mild upper pole caliectasis see only in supine position and intermittent visualization of the distal right Ureter . voiding cystogram Volition be perform to exclude reflux .  
urinary tract Infection , 3 week ago . Fever 101 . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
2 urinary tract Infection in the past 6 month . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
first uti , without Fever . uti was 2-3 week ago . normal renal ultrasound examination .  
year , month - old with history of urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound . .  
Patients with recent urinary tract Infection approximately two week ago . Patients ha have one previous urinary tract Infection at approximately two year of age . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year - old Female with multiple episode of urinary tract Infection , one of which was febrile . 1 . mildly thicken Urinary_Bladder wall , which can be see with Cystitis . correlate with clinical exam or Laboratories finding . 2 . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound .  
multiple urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
5 month old with Hydronephrosis , followup examination . moderate pelvic Dilatation and mild calyceal Dilatation of the right Kidney with urothelial thickening , improve compare with the prior study .  
followup Hydronephrosis . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney , with persistent size discrepancy of great than 1 cm . 2 . mild left pyelectasis with associate urothelial thickening . the degree of distention of the left Pelvis ha decrease since the prior study however .  
history of Hydronephrosis and renal Calculi . 1 . persistent bilateral mild pyelectasis . 2 . interval increase in size of right upper pole renal Calculi with new mid to lower pole right renal Calculi . growth of left mid pole Calculi .  
abnormal prenatal ultrasound with Hydronephrosis . bilateral pyelectasis , minimal on the right and mild to moderate on the left . the left Kidney size is at the upper limit of normal .  
followup left Hydronephrosis . 1 . stable sonographic appearance of the normal right Kidney with minimal central pyelectasis . 2 . interval growth of left Kidney with stable moderate left Hydronephrosis and dilate Ureter .  
year - old with history of left Ureterocele and left mild Hydronephrosis . . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney . the minimal left pyelocaliectasis is unchanged . 2 . residual minimal soft Tissues in region of previous left Ureterocele .  
Infant,_Newborn with prenatal diagnosis of Hydronephrosis . side not specify . 1 . left renal pyelectasis with a urothelial thickening . otherwise normal renal ultrasound .  
right Hydronephrosis . persistent right - side pyelectasis or Hydronephrosis .  
almost month - old Female with prenatal diagnosis of left Hydronephrosis . follow up exam . 1 . mild interval improvement in moderate left pyelectasis . 2 . normal right Kidney . 3 . interval growth of bilateral Kidney .  
left Hydronephrosis . 1 . slightly decrease left Hydronephrosis with persistent mild to moderate dilation of the renal Pelvis . a before , this would be concern for a ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 2 . normal right Kidney with growth .  
year , month - old Male with history of left Hydronephrosis . 1 . stable moderate left caliectasis compare with january 2001 . 2 . minimal interval renal growth bilaterally .  
day - old being evaluate for prenatal unilateral Hydronephrosis . moderate right - side and mild left - side pyelectasis without hydroureter . otherwise normal appearance of Infant,_Newborn Kidney .  
follow up right renal duplication and Hydronephrosis . minimal residual lower pole pyelectasis in the duplex right Kidney .  
Hydronephrosis status post pyeloplasty . 1 . mild residual intrarenal Dilatation of the left Kidney with residual mild Dilatation of the left renal Pelvis .  
prenatal Hydronephrosis on the right . slight asymmetry of renal size with the left being large . the Patients may have left duplication . there is very mild left Dilatation of the collecting system with urothelial thickening . this could be secondary to vesicoureteral reflux . the right Kidney appear normal .  
prenatal Hydronephrosis followup . 1 . mild / moderate right Hydronephrosis . 2 . minimal left Hydronephrosis . 3 . bilateral Ureterocele with dilation of both distal Ureter .  
9 year old with a positive ppd . normal Thorax radiograph .  
positive ppd . no evidence of pulmonary Tuberculosis .  
reactive ppd . normal Thorax radiograph .  
month - old Female with positive ppd . normal Thorax radiograph .  
positive ppd . no acute abnormality of Thorax .  
positive ppd after bcg . asymptomatic , negative history . normal outside Motion_Pictures_as_Topic .  
year - old with positive ppd . no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary Disease or evidence of tb .  
this is a year month - old Male who ha be a know positive reaction to ppd since 2001 . no acute cardiopulmonary Disease ; ha Patients have bcg .  
know positive reactor in 2001 . Thorax clear .  
adopt positive ppd . suspect possible hilar adenopathy with left lower lobe Air space Disease . this is nonspecific for Tuberculosis but must be consider . correlation with Sputum may be worthwhile . finding were discuss with denise rankin 's office 1/2/01 .  
positive ppd . normal Heart size with clear Lung . no radiographic evidence of active tb .  
positive ppd . 1 . no radiographic evidence of active tb .  
tb or positive ppd , evaluate for tb . 1 . clear Lung .  
year - old with positive ppd . right upper lobe linear density is favor to represent subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis over early infiltrate . followup Motion_Pictures_as_Topic may be consider .  
year - old Female with positive ppd . no focal Pneumonia .  
previous positive ppd . the examination is negative .  
three - year Male with reactive airway Disease and increase breath Sound on the right . 1 . no feature of bacterial Pneumonia . 2 . reactive airway Disease , likely viral in etiology . presume subtle area of right middle lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
Cough , Asthma . 1 . hyperinflated Lung consistent with the Patients 's history of Asthma . 2 . no focal consolidation is evident .  
left bilateral prominent Asthma . stable Thorax .  
Asthma , Bronchiectasis and increase wheeze and chest tightness for the last four day . the Lung are clear without finding to indicate hyperinflation , Pneumonia , or acute reactive airway Disease change .  
chest Pain Asthma . mildly hyperinflated Lung without focal opacity .  
year - old Male with Asthma and Cough over several week . normal Thorax .  
Asthma , Cough , recurrent Infection . clear Thorax . questionable mm lucent lesion right posterior fifth Ribs . please see above discussion .  
year month - old Male with reactive airway Disease . Thorax radiograph within normal limit a above . no significant radiographic feature of reactive airway Disease or evidence of Pneumonia .  
five - year Female with Cough and Fever . reactive airway Disease , possibly a viral etiology . no feature of bacterial Pneumonia .  
Asthma . radiographically normal Thorax .  
Cough for two week , possible Pneumonia . reactive airway Disease , no Pneumonia .  
reactive airway Disease . wheeze . normal Thorax radiograph .  
month - old with Asthma . increase perihilar marking but no evidence of Pneumonia .  
reactive airway Disease . Thorax within normal limit .  
year - old girl with Asthma . normal Thorax radiograph .  
cystic Fibrosis . Thorax within normal limit .  
yearly checkup for cystic Fibrosis . in the interval , there ha be minimal change in the appearance of the Thorax . there is mild perihilar , peribronchial thickening . however , no focal infiltrate have develop . cardiac and mediastinal silhouette remains normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
cystic Fibrosis yearly exam . Stomach is greatly dilate with gas and fluid . however , the Heart and Lung appear normal .  
cystic Fibrosis . low lung volume ; otherwise , clear Thorax .  
nine - year Female with cystic Fibrosis , yearly followup . rule out new infiltrate . minimal new change in the right lower lobe . finding consistent with cystic Fibrosis .  
year - old with cystic Fibrosis for yearly Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . stable to slightly less apparent change with mild know cystic Fibrosis .  
year month - old Male with know cystic Fibrosis , yearly Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic is request . 1 . mild increase in the interstitial thickening within the left upper lobe and Lung base bilaterally with otherwise stable Thorax radiograph .  
cystic Fibrosis with increase Cough and sinus symptom . the moderate streaky plus peribronchial change from cystic Fibrosis in the Lung are unchanged compare to january and no new confluent infiltrate is see .  
cystic Fibrosis . no acute cardiopulmonary Disease .  
cystic Fibrosis . yearly followup . stable appearance of the Heart and Lung with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality .  
year - old with cystic Fibrosis . no acute cardiopulmonary Disease .  
cf yearly Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . essentially normal Thorax radiograph .  
this is a year - old Female with cystic Fibrosis . this is a yearly Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . very mild peribronchial cuff consistent with Patients 's know history of cystic Fibrosis . this is not significantly change allow for better aeration on today 's exam when compare with the exam from 1/2/01 .  
year - old with cystic Fibrosis , yearly Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic . no radiographic abnormality see of the Thorax .  
cystic Fibrosis , anniversary visit . spleen appear small . the Patients 's diffuse peribronchial thickening see 1/2/01 is similar in extent . Heart remains normal .  
three - year Female with chronic Cough . 1 . small band of Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the left lower lobe . 2 . otherwise clear Lung .  
Cough . Pulmonary_Atelectasis at the right Lung base with associate hyperinflation , most likely represent viral or reactive airway Disease .  
right middle lobe collapse . persistent partial right middle lobe collapse , although improve .  
Fever and Cough . area of plate - like Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the right middle lobe . no focal Pneumonia is see .  
Cough . band - like area of Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the right lower lobe . no focal consolidation to suggest Pneumonia .  
this is a two - year Male with history of Fever and Tachypnea , no Pneumonia . finding consistent with viral v reactive airway Disease with subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the right lower lobe . no focal Pneumonia note .  
year - old Female with Cough and concern for Pneumonia . finding most likely represent reactive airway Disease or viral Infection with left lower lobe subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
Cough . right middle lobe subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis . otherwise clear Lung .  
on january nd , the Patients have a plate - like area of Pulmonary_Atelectasis in the left lower lobe . this is a follow up image . normal Thorax .  
nine - month Female , status post cardiac arrest . persistent pulmonary opacity with increase Pulmonary_Atelectasis of the left upper lobe . tube and line a discuss above .  
Cough . mild hyperinflation , left lower lobe subsegmental Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
spinal muscular Atrophy with long standing but variable right upper lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis . increase right upper lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis in a Patients who ha have waxing and waning right upper lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis on multiple prior examination . less well define opacity in the superior segment of the right lower lobe which was not see on prior study . this could represent a new area of Pulmonary_Atelectasis or an area of Pneumonia .  
Cough and wheeze . possible early Pneumonia involve the lingula and possibly the right middle lobe .  
Cough and wheeze . finding most consistent with Tracheomalacia .  
five year old with all , present with Cough , congestion and wheeze . 1 . no new focal Pneumonia . 2 . interval resolution of previously describe left lower lobe opacity .  
year - old Female with Cough and wheeze for several week . evaluate for abnormality . probable band of Pulmonary_Atelectasis see on lateral view only . no Pneumonia .  
Cough and wheeze . no focal Pneumonia .  
Cough and wheeze . no infiltrate . Heart normal .  
month - old girl with Cough and wheeze . 1 . mild peribronchial thickening suggestive of reactive airway Disease versus viral Infection . 2 . no focal infiltrate to indicate Pneumonia .  
coughing , wheeze and stuffy Head . the Lung are clear .  
month - old with chronic Cough and wheeze . the Lung are well expand and clear . there is no hyperinflation . the perihilar marking are within normal limit . there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal . no bony abnormality are see .  
year - old Male with Cough and wheeze that ha get worse since the weekend . bibasilar opacity and right upper lobe opacity . these could represent either Pulmonary_Atelectasis or Pneumonia but given the bilaterality and the age Mycoplasma a well a other atypical Pneumonia should be include in the differential diagnosis .  
year - old Female with Cough and wheeze . normal chest x-ray .  
this is a 2 year 2 month old Female with history of wheeze and Cough for two week . normal chest x-ray .  
month - old Male with hemihypertrophy . abdominal ultrasound normal abdominal ultrasound . please see renal ultrasound of same day for discussion of Kidney . renal ultrasound normal sonographic appearance of both Kidney , however there ha be asymmetric growth with the left large than right . there are no finding to suggest underlie mass or Cicatrix or edematous change from Pyelonephritis .  
year - old Female with beckwith wiedemann Syndrome is refer for follow up . no significant interval change since the previous study . both Kidney are normal in appearance , without mass to suggest development of renal Neoplasms .  
williams Syndrome . normal renal ultrasound .  
beckwith wiedemann Syndrome . normal Kidney .  
month - old Female with williams Syndrome . normal renal ultrasound , include the Urinary_Bladder .  
beckwith wiedemann Syndrome , evaluate for possible Neoplasms . normal abdominal ultrasound and renal ultrasound , specifically without evidence of mass or other abnormality .  
beckwith wiedemann Syndrome . no focal renal mass .  
beckwith - wiedemann Syndrome . normal interval growth in normal appearing Kidney .  
year , month - old with hemihypertrophy . follow up examination . Abdomen : normal abdominal ultrasound . Kidney : normal renal ultrasound . no evidence of mass .  
beckwith wiedemann Syndrome . evaluate for mass . 1 . large bilateral Kidney for this age which are otherwise normal in appearance without evidence of a mass .  
hemihypertrophy . normal renal ultrasound .  
this is a Patients with Meningomyelocele and neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . normal renal ultrasound in a Patients with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder with Meningomyelocele repair . Patients is 10 month old . normal renal ultrasound .  
Meningomyelocele neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . minimal pyelectasis , stable to improve when compare to the previous study . similar size Kidney with interval growth of right Kidney , left Kidney measure similarly .  
this Patients ha know Meningomyelocele and spina bifida with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . stable appearance of the Kidney and Urinary_Bladder in this Patients with know neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . little growth ha occur however the last exam was do only 3 month previously . mild Dilatation of the intrarenal Pelvis is see on the left .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder , spina bifida , followup . normal renal ultrasound .  
this is a year - old Female with history of Meningomyelocele and neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . this is a followup . normal renal ultrasound . neurogenic Urinary_Bladder .  
history of Meningomyelocele and neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . Patients ha a Cystostomy . 1 . there ha be minimal if any interval growth of the Kidney . both Kidney are within 2 standard deviation of normal for age . 2 . there is no Hydronephrosis .  
followup on a spina bifida Patients with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . normal study with interval growth .  
year - old now with history of neurogenic Urinary_Bladder and tether cord . no significant interval change .  
year , month - old Male with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . 1 . Meningomyelocele with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . 2 . normal appearing Kidney with interval growth .  
year - old for routine followup of renal growth . Patients ha Meningomyelocele , neurogenic Urinary_Bladder , status post bladder augmentation , on clean intermittent Catheterization . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney , without current evidence of Hydronephrosis or Nephrolithiasis . 2 . new left upper pole cortical Cysts , a describe above . no additional cystic Disease is identify . 3 . echogenic focus within the Urinary_Bladder lumen . interval resolution / removal of the dependent , shadowing bladder stone . 4 . enlarge left Ovary contain both a simple anechoic Cysts and echogenic area suggest hemorrhagic Cysts . neither area in the left Ovary exceed 3 cm in diameter , the threshold for a followup ultrasound scan .  
year - old with history of bilateral ureteral Replantation . 1 . minimal growth of the Kidney compare to last study . the left Kidney is great than the right Kidney size likely relate to moderate pyelectasis . the pelvicaliceal Dilatation ha slightly increase bilaterally . 2 . new Dilatation of the distal Ureter . recommend clinical correlation and possible further urologic Evaluation_Studies_as_Topic .  
this is a year - old Female status post deflux Methods . this is her second followup ultrasound after the Methods . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney . 2 . stable mild left lower pole pyelectasis in Patients with left duplex Kidney . 3 . normal - appearing right Kidney .  
followup left pyeloplasty . stable sonographic appearance of the Kidney with mild to moderate right and moderate left pyelectasis compatible with residual Dilatation,_Pathologic .  
this Patients ha have surgery in the left Kidney for ureteropelvic junction obstruction . the Patients have prior placement of this Stents which was subsequently remove . intermittently , the Patients ha severe episode of left abdominal Pain and despite Pain therapy , and pain management , his behavior is abnormal and he cry of Pain . 1 . normal right Kidney . 2 . mild pyelectasis , which appear slightly improve over the past several examination . these result were convey to the parent .  
day - old Male with mild pyelectasis . 1 . prominent renal Pelvis bilaterally with mild calyceal Dilatation . 2 . distal ureteral Dilatation bilaterally . 3 . dilation vary over time suggest that reflux is more likely than obstruction .  
status post pyeloplasty of the right Kidney . this is a follow up study . stable mild right pelvicaliceal Dilatation and mild left pyelectasis . symmetric interval growth of both Kidney .  
this is a month - old Male Patients with history of left - side ureteropelvic junction obstruction detect in utero . 1 . mark pyelectasis of the left Kidney , unchanged from the prior study . 2 . minimal Dilatation of the right renal Pelvis , unchanged from the prior exam .  
this Patients is familiar a i do her previous ultrasound from january 2 , 2001 . the Patients is postoperative bilateral stent placement from january 2 , 2001 . the right Kidney ha stable intrarenal Dilatation of the collecting system following stent placement . on the left , the Patients ha moderate intrarenal Dilatation of the collecting system which ha increase since the exam of january 2 . however , the clot appear less obvious and is small . recommendation on next imaging : the prone imaging is the most valuable for assess this Patients . recommend prone imaging be obtain . at the next exam , assess the Urinary_Bladder which also be informative to u to determine the size of the clot , Stents position , and also ureteral Dilatation . the result of the study were discuss with the Mothers .  
four day of abdominal Pain . the Stomach is quite full of food and fluid . it is just after lunch time . the Colon ha moderate stool . otherwise normal .  
abdominal Pain , no Pneumonia . normal Thorax .  
abdominal Pain , nonspecific . normal renal ultrasound .  
year - old Male with history of urethral Cysts . abdominal Pain . normal renal ultrasound .  
abdominal Pain . Thorax clear , Heart normal .  
right side flank Pain , evaluate for renal stone . 1 . essentially unremarkable renal sonogram .  
flank Pain . normal renal ultrasound .  
this Patients ha intermittent acute abdominal Pain . most recently , the Patients have an ultrasound do yesterday to exclude Intussusception . there was no evidence of Intussusception . in addition , the Patients have a renal ultrasound do 5 day previously which was normal . normal abdominal ultrasound . normal renal ultrasound . an underlie cause for the Patients 's clinical symptom is not apparent .  
year - old Female to evaluate for renal parenchymal calcification or Calculi . the previously perform ct of the thoracic Spine was suspicious for hyperdense area in the Kidney which could represent calcification . normal ultrasound study of Kidney and urinary Urinary_Bladder .  
renal Calculi . stable Calculi in the lower pole of the left Kidney .  
reevaluate for renal stone . two new renal Calculi are now identify in the upper pole of the right and left Kidney .  
this is a 16 year 7 month old Female with a history of renal Calculi in the right Kidney . examination is compare with the study from 1/2/01 . 1 . 5 mm renal Calculi in the mid portion of the right Kidney with no significant Hydronephrosis . 2 . normal appearing left Kidney .  
follow up of right renal Calculi . no significant interval change since the previous study . hyperechoic focus in the mid pole of the right Kidney with some shadowing , is likely the stone see previously .  
renal stone . bilateral nonobstructing renal stone .  
this is a year - old Female with history of the suspect right renal Calculi discover on a routine renal ultrasound at 1 year of age . stable appearance of 2 renal stone in the lower pole of the right Kidney .  
urinary tract Infection . followup Hydronephrosis . history of posterior urethral valve . 1 . right Hydronephrosis , slightly decrease . hydroureter , stable . 2 . small Cicatrix left Kidney with slightly increase left hydroureter and no caliectasis but slight enlargement of the left renal Pelvis . 3 . trabeculated Urinary_Bladder . 4 . no interval growth since 1/2/01 of either Kidney .  
month day - old Male with duplex left Kidney with Hydronephrosis and hydroureter of the upper pole moiety . 1 . duplex Kidney on the left side with at least moderate Hydronephrosis and hydroureter of the upper pole moiety with upper pole parenchymal thinning , unchanged from previous study . there ha be interval growth of the left Kidney . 2 . normal - appearing right Kidney with interval growth .  
megaureter Hydronephrosis . borderline size discrepancy of Kidney , left measure large than right . transient mild distal hydroureter , left great than right , especially note in the Urinary_Bladder is fill . this is not identify on initial partially fill Urinary_Bladder image .  
followup right megaureter . Hydronephrosis . 1 . interval improvement in right - side Hydronephrosis , now mild . moderate right hydroureter remains stable . interval renal growth . otherwise stable study .  
day - old Female with prenatal history of right - side Hydronephrosis . 1 . moderate right Hydronephrosis and proximal hydroureter with the appearance of u p j obstruction . 2 . renal size discrepancy due to hydronephrotic right Kidney . 3 . urothelial thickening on the left .  
5 year - old Female status post right deflux Methods and present with right Hydronephrosis and Infection . improve appearance of the right Kidney with resolution of Hydronephrosis and decrease size of the hydroureter .  
reflux . normal interval growth of the Kidney bilaterally . very minimal pyelectasis on the left which ha improve since previous examination .  
history of right - side Hydronephrosis , with tortuous right hydroureter and left - side vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval mark improvement in appearance of the right Kidney with resolution of mark Hydronephrosis and hydroureter . there is residual mild lower pole caliectasis of the right Kidney . 2 . normal left Kidney .  
year - old Female with history of bilateral grade 3 vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . small right Kidney with urothelial thickening and pyelectasis . 2 . normal size left Kidney with mild pyelectasis and urothelial thickening . 3 . mild Urinary_Bladder wall mucosal irregularity .  
followup in the Patients with bilateral grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . prior ultrasound and cystogram suggest a duplicate collecting system on the left . stable mild left lower pole pyelectasis . otherwise normal sonographic appearance of the Kidney .  
deflux Injections prior reflux . 1 . normal right Kidney however no interval growth . 2 . minimal pyelectasis of the left Kidney and urothelial thickening unchanged .  
followup bilateral reflux . bilateral growth of normal size Kidney . no change in mild bilateral pyelocaliectasis .  
horseshoe Kidney . interval growth of horseshoe Kidney .  
routine followup in a Patients with history of left - side duplicate Kidney and Replantation surgery . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney . left Kidney is duplicate .  
8 year - old with left renal collecting system duplication initially see on mri of the lumbar Spine and confirm on previous sonography now for routine followup . interval growth of both Kidney without change in the uncomplicated duplication on the left .  
Patients with horseshoe Kidney . followup study . horseshoe Kidney with interval growth of both moiety without complicate feature . each renal moiety measure low end of normal but measurement may be inaccurate due to nonconventional lie of Kidney .  
horseshoe or pelvic Kidney , ureteral abnormality . status post bladder augmentation . 1 . interval growth of both pelvic Kidney . on today 's examination however there is mild Dilatation of the right pelvic calyceal system and minimal increase in the Dilatation of the left pelvic calyceal system . 2 . status post bladder augmentation with irregular Urinary_Bladder wall .  
this is a month day - old Female with a history of prenatal Hydronephrosis and left grade v vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney . 2 . decompression of both renal collecting system , with only minimal calyceal distention on today 's exam .  
591 Hydronephrosis . grade 4 vesicoureteric reflux on left . the possibility is not rule out that the Ureterocele open into the Vagina or a urogenital sinus or the fourchette .  
Hydronephrosis reflux . 1 . interval growth of the abnormal right Kidney -LRB- likely medical renal Disease -RRB- , without other change since prior exam .  
1 year old with history of bilateral vesicoureteral reflux , left side Hydronephrosis on prenatal ultrasound . 1 . normal right Kidney . 2 . mild left Hydronephrosis due to know high grade reflux . both Kidney show interval growth .  
year , month - old Male with history of bilateral grade 5 reflux . Patients receive deflux surgery on the right in january 2001 and left Ureterostomy with recent Replantation on january 2001 . Patients with history of multiple stent placement in the past . Patients currently with left postoperative ureteric Stents . 1 . mild to moderate left - side Hydronephrosis which appear improve when compare to preoperative moderate to severe Hydronephrosis see on january 2 , 2001 . 2 . stable appearance the right Kidney without Hydronephrosis .  
year - old Female status post amplatzer Equipment_and_Supplies placement in the Heart present for followup . Lung are clear . stable postoperative change with Sternotomy wire and amplatzer Equipment_and_Supplies a describe above .  
status post bladder reconstruction . followup ultrasound . interval growth of normal - appearing Kidney .  
status post left ureteral Replantation . interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
followup for ureteral Replantation . stable normal appearing Kidney .  
year - old with history of Urinary_Bladder exstrophy , status post gastrocystoplasty and mitrofanoff . followup examination . comparison is make with 1/2/01 . normal renal ultrasound .  
bilateral pyeloplasty for ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 1 . interval growth of right Kidney . mild to moderate right Hydronephrosis . 2 . decrease size of left Kidney . mild to moderate left Hydronephrosis .  
history of left ureteropelvic junction obstruction . 1 . minimal interval growth of normal appearing right Kidney 2 . no significant change of severe left Hydronephrosis consistent with left ureteropelvic junction obstruction .  
year , month - old Male with history of right ureteropelvic junction obstruction status post pyeloplasty on 1/2/01 . 1 . stable significant right Hydronephrosis ; however , there ha be some decrease in the caliceal distention status post right pyeloplasty . 2 . normal left Kidney .  
bilateral ureteropelvic junction obstruction repair at different time . left ureteral Stents with persistent left Hydronephrosis . 1 . Hydronephrosis of the left Kidney with Stents in place which is subtle great Hydronephrosis than prior exam . there is improvement when Patients void , but the Hydronephrosis is still worse than prior exam .  
Patients ha a history of Meningomyelocele . some interval growth in two normal appearing Kidney .  
38 month old Male with history of spina bifida . no prior study are available at this institution for comparison . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of both Kidney . 2 . mild Urinary_Bladder wall thickening with suggestion of trabeculation . multiple bladder Diverticulum may give a similar appearance .  
Patients ha history of Meningomyelocele . this is a followup study . some interval growth of two normal Kidney in a Patients with know Meningomyelocele .  
Meningomyelocele Patients for followup . grossly normal Kidney with no significant change .  
Cough , Fever , wheeze . flatten Diaphragm and peribronchial thickening consistent with asthmatic Bronchitis .  
three - year Female with Cough and wheeze a well a Fever . the Patients ha be ill for two day . finding worrisome for right lower lobe Pneumonia .  
this is a year - old Male with a history of Cough , wheeze and low grade Fever . no focal Pneumonia .  
2 year 3 month old Female with Fever and Cough for three day with wheeze . no Pneumonia is see . however , there is peribronchial cuff and increase perihilar marking compatible with viral or reactive airway Disease .  
followup on a 1-1/2 - year - old with caudal regression and neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . bilateral renal growth and mild bilateral Hydronephrosis which ha decrease on the left .  
year - old Female with a left pelvic Kidney , neurogenic Urinary_Bladder and severe reflux to the left Kidney . left pelvic Kidney stable in the degree of Hydronephrosis cause by vesicoureteral reflux with Urinary_Bladder filling . the Urinary_Bladder is trabeculated and thicken compatible with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder .  
Meningomyelocele . neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . stable appearance of the Kidney . Cicatrix right Kidney mild / moderate Hydronephrosis .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . decrease Hydronephrosis . stable Kidney size .  
this Patients ha history of urinary tract Infection and bilateral grade ii vesicoureteral reflux . the Patients have the Infection in the spring of 04 . on daily basis , the Patients is on bactrim therapy . the right Kidney doe not appear to have grow . there is no Hydronephrosis or hydroureter . intrinsically , the Kidney appear normal . however , failure of growth of the Kidney may reflect the Patients ha recurrent Infection , Cicatrix or reflux .  
this is a 9 year old Patients with one episode of urinary tract Infection and Hematuria with no Fever . the purpose of the study was to evaluate for renal growth a the Patients previously was diagnose a have a Cicatrix on the lower pole of the left Kidney . by voiding cystourethrogram , the Patients have grade ii left vesicoureteral reflux . renal Cicatrix of the lower pole of the left Kidney . a very small amount of interval growth ha occur since last exam .  
year month - old Female with history of urinary tract Infection . Patients have nuclear cystogram and was found to have left grade ii vesicoureteral reflux . last ultrasound of jan 27 , 2001 demonstrate little growth of the right Kidney compare to the left , otherwise stable renal ultrasound . 1 . normal renal ultrasound with interval growth of the both Kidney .  
year - old Female with history of recurrent urinary tract Infection and right - side grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . normal sonographic appearance of the Kidney without evidence of Hydronephrosis . 2 . dependent debris within the urinary Urinary_Bladder .  
Fever . Tachypnea . 1 . bilateral peribronchial thickening suggestive of reactive airway Disease or viral Pneumonia . 2 . right middle lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis versus Pneumonia .  
Pneumonia . increase right - side airspace Disease , Pulmonary_Atelectasis v Pneumonia .  
Cough , Fever and Vomiting . rule out infiltrate . no infiltrate . prominent shadow in middle Mediastinum likely represent confluence of pulmonary Veins , but is high in the Mediastinum than expect . followup Thorax xray would be helpful in 6 to 8 week . finding discuss with Physicians on 1/2/01 .  
year - old Male with a history of pyloroplasty present with Cough and Fever and Vomiting . nonobstructive bowel gas pattern .  
almost one - year with urinary tract Infection , febrile . 1 . mild right pyelectasis with likely dilate distal Ureter . 2 . normal left Kidney .  
month - old Female Patients with a one febrile urinary tract Infection . 1 . minimal left - side pyelectasis see only on the supine image . 2 . the right and left Kidney are normal in size for age .  
month - old Female with Cough . normal Thorax with mild Hypoventilation .  
year - old Male with Cough and sudden onset of Dyspnea since yesterday . mild peribronchial thickening which may be see in acute viral illness or reactive airway Disease with no Pneumonia .  
year - old with Hematuria and Proteinuria . normal renal ultrasound .  
Proteinuria and Hematuria . 1 . under - distention of the urinary Urinary_Bladder ; the Patients may be mildly dehydrate , given the history provide by the Mothers . 2 . no sonographic abnormality of the Kidney are identify .  
year month - old Female with history of vesicoureteral reflux . the Patients ha know left renal duplication and possible right duplication . please evaluate Kidney . no significant interval growth of the Kidney in comparison to 1/2/01 . again note is a left renal duplication and possible right renal duplication .  
4 year 3 month old Female with history of vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney , with the left Kidney growing more than the right . no Hydronephrosis or obvious Cicatrix see . 2 . prominent column of bertin or partial duplication of left Kidney . 3 . normal Urinary_Bladder ultrasound .  
one - year Female with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder and spina bifida . 1 . interval growth of both Kidney . stable mild right pyelectasis and minimal left pyelectasis . 2 . Kidney continue to be small for age .  
followup on a Patients with neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . improvement in left pyelocaliectasis and otherwise no significant change . abnormal corticomedullary differentiation suggest possible Nephrocalcinosis .  
4 year month - old with afebrile uti . partial versus complete duplication of the left Kidney .  
febrile uti . both Kidney demonstrate partial or complete duplication . there are otherwise normal . a small residuum is see in the Urinary_Bladder postvoid .  
day and night wetting . ha foster parent . urinary tract Infection . normal r .2 ; l .0 cm .  
Enuresis and urinary tract Infection . normal . r = 9.2 ; l = 9.3 cm .  
year - old Female with grade 1/2 bilateral vesicoureteral reflux determine on prior cystogram date january 2 , 2001 . recent uti at end of january , 2001 , with a Fever of 104 ? f 1 . small , Cicatrix right Kidney , below more than 2 standard deviation in size for Patients 's age . . 2 . mild compensatory Hypertrophy of left Kidney , with otherwise normal size and interval growth .  
6 year old with complex urogenital anomaly , 6 week post deflux Injections for left - side vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . surgically absent right Kidney . 2 . interval growth of remain left Kidney , length indicate compensatory Hypertrophy . 3 . deflux mound in the Urinary_Bladder , without evidence of hydroureter or Hydronephrosis .  
year - old with previous vesicoureteral reflux status post deflux Methods . normal renal ultrasound .  
6 year month - old Female with history of bilateral grade 2 vesicoureteral reflux . 1 . slight interval growth of the normal appearing Kidney in comparison to 1/2/01 . 2 . no Hydronephrosis or complication relate to deflux Methods .  
year , month - old Male with history of right ureteral Replantation and resection of right Urinary_Bladder base Diverticulum . Patients ha urinary and stool incontinence . 1 . no interval growth of Kidney . the bilateral mild pyelectasis ha decrease from the previous study . 2 . mild to moderate postvoid residual in urinary Urinary_Bladder .  
recurrent urinary tract Infection and Enuresis . ha know left duplex Kidney with nonobstructive Ureterocele . 1 . normal right Kidney . 2 . interval growth see of duplex left Kidney with nonobstructive Ureterocele .  
history of the urinary reflux with deflux Injections . 1 . status post deflux Injections at the ureteral vesicular junction . 2 . decrease hydroureter bilaterally . 3 . mild pyelectasis with urothelial thickening bilaterally , unchanged .  
month - old Male with mild pyelectasis see in prior ultrasound date 1/2/01 . 1 . decrease pelvicaliceal Dilatation bilaterally . 2 . decrease bilateral hydroureter . 3 . interval growth of Kidney .  
renal anomaly duplex left Kidney . history of reflux . stable ultrasound examination of sonographically normal appearing Kidney .  
year - old status post deflux Methods . 1 . Patients 's status post deflux Methods . 2 . left duplicate Kidney . 3 . no evidence of Hydronephrosis or renal Cicatrix . 4 . large amount of stool within the Colon , possibly represent Constipation .  
Fever and wheeze in a three - month Male . normal Thorax radiograph .  
wheeze and Fever . no focal Pneumonia .  
Hematuria . mild right pyelectasis . otherwise normal .  
year - old Female with incontinence and Dysuria . urinary tract Infection 7 month ago . Research_Report Hematuria . 1 . mild bilateral pyelectasis . 2 . mild post void Urinary_Bladder residual .  
horseshoe Kidney , reflux . horseshoe Kidney with persistent unchanged pyelectasis of the upper pole of the left Kidney . the lack of growth of the right side may be difference in measurement a horseshoe Kidney are difficult to measure .  
4 urinary tract Infection . mild left pyelectasis . mild asymmetry in size of the Kidney with the left Kidney large for Patients 's age .  
four - year Female with Fever x 2 day and Cough x 1 week . question Pneumonia . reactive airway Disease , likely of viral etiology . no radiographic feature of bacterial Pneumonia .  
Fever , Cough and Asthma . no Pneumonia . peribronchial cuff which could be due to reactive airway Disease or viral Infection . the finding were discuss with the refer Physicians on january 2 , 2001 while review the study .  
Hematuria , urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year - old girl with urinary tract Infection and Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound .  
malaise with Fever and sore Pharynx . normal Thorax .  
Fever and sore Pharynx . Thorax within normal limit .  
three day history of Cough , Fever , and shortness of breath . no comparative Motion_Pictures_as_Topic . there is a band of opacity extend into the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe , consistent with Pneumonia . no associate effusion .  
this is a year - old Male with history of shortness of breath , Cough , wheeze , and Fever . right upper lobe volume loss and probably Pneumonia . a small amount of adenopathy can not be completely exclude although there are no other finding of adenopathy or pleural effusion .  
year month - old Female with Cough and shortness of breath but no Fever . evaluate for Pneumonia . no Pneumonia or other finding to explain Cough .  
year month - old Male with Cough and shortness of breath for one week . evaluate for Pneumonia . no Pneumonia .  
Fever . 1 . viral or reactive airway Disease . no focal Pneumonia .  
Fever . viral or reactive airway Disease . no focal Pneumonia .  
3 day of mid - quadrant Pain without evidence of Cough . single ap of the Abdomen doe not reveal the etiology of the Patients 's Pain . it appear near normal except for minimal prominence of bowel loop in the right lower quadrant .  
year - old Female with left flank and abdominal Pain . 1 . normal renal ultrasound . 2 . normal abdominal ultrasound .  
Hematuria , left flank Pain . no sonographic abnormality see of the Kidney or Urinary_Bladder .  
year month - old Male with history of left - side flank Pain x week , microscopic Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound ; there ha be no significant change in the size of the Kidney .  
Fever to 104 degree today , increase respiratory rate , intercostal retraction , diffuse Respiratory_Sounds on exam . 1 . no focal Pneumonia . 2 . reactive airway Disease versus viral change .  
history of Asthma with Cough and Fever . normal Thorax radiograph .  
uti with Fever . bilateral hydroureteronephrosis . diffuse Cicatrix lower pole right Kidney .  
febrile uti evaluate for possible reflux . mild Hydronephrosis on the left with suggestion of minimal decrease following partial voiding .  
year - old Male with chest tightness . no acute Disease .  
Asthma . 1 . slight prominence of central marking is consistent with Patients 's know history of reactive airway Disease . 2 . minimal left basilar Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
3 year old Female with febrile urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound with a hugely distend Urinary_Bladder on initial imaging and moderate postvoid residual .  
year - old Female with gross Hematuria and increase frequency . 1 . Urinary_Bladder wall appear mildly prominent , with moderate amount of intraluminal debris . 2 . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound .  
unilateral Kidney . evaluate for Hydronephrosis . solitary left Kidney with normal appearance .  
year - old with urethral anomaly and Drainage . 1 . normal Kidney . 2 . nonspecific echogenic debris within the Urinary_Bladder with small residual .  
history of Hydronephrosis of the left Kidney with bilateral vesicoureteral reflux . stable moderately severe left - side Hydronephrosis and hydroureter .  
Cough . Patients is adopt from uganda and ha a positive ppd skin test . normal study .  
merely a year - old with recurrent utis . prior cystograms normal x , trace grade 1 reflux x . have be on suppressive antibiotic . recently discontinue , now with recent e coli uti . moderate postvoid Urinary_Bladder residual with mild Urinary_Bladder wall thickening , nonspecific but may be relate to recent urinary tract Infection / Cystitis . otherwise interval growth of normal appearing Kidney .  
13-1/2 - year - old with recent urinary tract and Traction and Fever . horseshoe Kidney . no complication from Pyelonephritis are see .  
none given . normal Thorax .  
Cough and Vomiting . normal Thorax .  
year - old Male with history of a single afebrile urinary tract Infection in january with gross Hematuria for a week . the Patients was treat with antibiotic . mild left pyelectasis and ureterectasis . otherwise normal renal ultrasound . the Urinary_Bladder appear normal although there is a small to moderate post void residual .  
turner Syndrome . 1 . normal right renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder . 2 . partially duplicate left Kidney . no Hydronephrosis .  
this is a month - old Male with wheeze . borderline hyperinflation with left lower lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis versus Pneumonia . clinical correlation would be helpful . unless there is clinical information supporting Pneumonia such a Fever and Cough , i favor Pulmonary_Atelectasis .  
8 year old Female with Cough . the Patients ha generalize Lymphatic_Diseases . clear Lung .  
intermittent increase work of Respiration since Parturition without Fever or Cough . there are several episode where the Patients gasp for Air and ha difficulty Respiration while in a car seat . the Patients calm down and catch his breath when the mom talk to him . she Research_Report funny Sound , gasp while sleeping . the increase perihilar Lung marking may represent mild viral or reactive airway Disease v Artifacts from mildly low lung volume . i suspect the former . could this Patients be aspirate .  
six - year Male with Cough , wheeze , and loss of Appetite . reactive airway Disease with probable right middle lobe Pulmonary_Atelectasis , v retain secretion , v early right middle lobe Pneumonia .  
Enuresis and Hematuria . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
right lower lobe Pneumonia , Cough , followup . persistent right lower lobe opacity with pleural effusion present , slightly improve since prior radiograph of two day previous .  
this is a year - old Male with a history of Cough and previous renal Transplants . no focal Pneumonia .  
first time febrile urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
neurogenic Urinary_Bladder . deflux Methods . reflux on the left . persistent renal size discrepancy . no evidence of Hydronephrosis or Cicatrix see .  
Cough . mild reactive airway Disease with hyperinflation .  
this Patients have a history of left ureteral stone . comparison is make to prior imaging of 1/2/01 . 1 . small 7 x 4 mm renal Calculi in the renal Pelvis causing mild left Hydronephrosis . 2 . possible intrarenal left stone is also note .  
Cough , acute Pharyngitis . normal examination .  
year month - old Male with Cough and chest Pain . there is mild peribronchial cuff without air trapping or focal Pneumonia . the finding at most reflect mild viral or reactive airway Disease .  
year - old Female with Fever and chest Pain . normal Thorax radiograph .  
year month - old Male with a history of wiskott - aldrich Syndrome . status - post bone Bone_Marrow Transplants 1/2 . Patients is complain of Cough . no Fever x week . no focal Pneumonia .  
bilateral ureteral reimplants , history of duplication . interval growth of both Kidney with bilateral duplication and mild central prominence of the duplicate collecting system . no change in mild diffuse cortical thinning of the right upper moiety .  
history of bilateral grade 5 reflux , status post bilateral deflux Injections and subsequent bilateral ureteral Replantation surgery . the Patients recently have a suprapubic Catheters remove . 1 . no change in small Cicatrix right Kidney . no change in area Cicatrix of left Kidney . 2 . right hydroureter . 3 . large post void Urinary_Bladder residual .  
year - old Women with history of reflux and urinary tract Infection . normal renal ultrasound include the Urinary_Bladder .  
year , month - old Female with a urinary tract Infection . history of vesicoureteral reflux . mild right urothelial thickening . otherwise , normal renal ultrasound .  
